close to 14.6 per cent (or 35,000) of the 240,000 atms in india are new-age recyclers, even though they have been around for only ...

v vaidyanathan, managing director and chief executive, will take 30 per cent cut in his compensation, including fixed ...

the bank said it was now gearing up to extend the stimulus package announced by finance minister nirmala sitharaman to restart ...

net profit for the financial year ended march 31, 2020 (fy20), stood at rs 337.25 crore, up marginally from rs 325.37 crore in ...

while slippages from the corporate sector may rise by rs 3.4 trillion, for non-corporate segments it may increase by rs 2.1 ...

in a q a, the lender s md ceo, amitabh chaudhry, also dwells on the stimulus package announced by the government, and risk ...

senior bank executives said the indian banks association (iba) has already approached the reserve bank of india with a plea for ...

it may be time to link the higher deposit insurance cover and the way co-operative banks and select non-banks raise retail ...

last financial year saw a series of banks failures starting with punjab maharashtra co-operative bank and culminated in near ...

these firms operate with very little short-term liquidity, which can become even more strained as customers start defaulting even ...

state-owned banks launched an emergency credit line to provide funds to its existing msme and corporate borrowers in the last ...

while the issue of providing liquidity to existing borrowers who are sapped of revenues has been addressed, banks will have to ...

experts believe spreads will contract as the credit lines start getting utilised, and banks regain confidence about nbfc papers ...

sitharaman announced a special liquidity scheme of rs 30,000 crore for nbfcs, housing finance companies (hfcs) and mfis, which ...

lenders that do not have subsidiaries in insurance, asset management, and broking may be exempt from having a non-operative ...

banking lobby group indian banks association (iba) is expected to take the proposal, which is on the lines of the sashakt panel ...

sbi, however, said it is in the process of introducing a pre-approved personal loan offering through yono to provide relief to ...

besides sbi, other members of the consortium that has been cheated are canara bank, union bank of india, idbi, central bank of ...

had it not been for covid-19 impact, the company would have reported a sharp 80 per cent year-on-year jump in its pre-tax profit ...

bank credit up 6.74% at rs 102.69 trn deposits grow 9.82% to rs 137.11 trn

rajnish kumar said, a certainty on regulatory stance, and support that may be coming from the government, is required as we are ...

the rise in currency in circulatiom is perplexing when economic activity has nosedived. generally, cic should rise in tandem with ...

there is a facility of standby line of credit for msmes as well as pnb covid-19 emergency credit facility (pnb-cecf), the bank ...

the outstanding portfolio of private banks in the credit card space has increased by 59 per cent year-on-year while other issuers ...

in addition, west bengal will also request the reserve bank of india (rbi) to increase the additional credit limit to msmes, to ...

senior sbi executives said most of those seeking deferment are retail and micro and small enterprises and are hard-pressed for ...

suggestions from various quarters, including from indian banks association, have come for the further extension of moratorium ...

covid-19 has led to lot of uncertainties including those pertaining to the income level of borrowers and hence, their loan ...

the rbi cancelled the licence of ckp co-op bank on april 28, and notified the cancelletaion on its website on saturday. there it ...

the meetings were also attended by deputy governors and other senior officers of the central bank, rbi said in a statement on its ...

dhawan will assume charge from saturday in place of ashish agarwal, the current chief risk officer, who will be transitioning to ...

fitch has cut its forecast for india s gdp growth in the financial year ending march 2021 (fy21) to 0.8 per cent from a ...

the meeting will take stock of implementation of several steps announced by the rbi, including moderation in interest rate and ...

given the extended lockdown, the bank extensively used its digital platform, including video conferencing, to carry out the ...

on april 1, punjab national bank (pnb) took over oriental bank of commerce (obc) and united bank of india (ubi) to become the ...

vyas is a senior banking professional with over 36 years of experience in banking across a range of diverse functions in both ...

both the banks have come together amid the coronavirus (covid-19) lockdown and started working as a single bank with a larger ...

axis is looking to purchase around 55.61 crore shares of max life insurance at a price of rs 28.61 per share, but the estimate ...

the special repo window, under which banks can borrow up to 90 days to extend loans or buy debt papers of mfs, remains open till ...

according to the available data, the credit risk fund category saw its assets under management (aum) dip by another 12 per cent ...

public sector bank executives point out that banks understand the need to provide critical support to borrowers hit by the ...

the duo was arrested on sunday from a mahabaleshwar-based quarantine facility, nearly 50 days after they were booked in the case ...

the liquidity strains have intensified in the wake of redemption pressures related to closure of some debt mfs and potential ...

covid has caused disruption in the domestic and global markets, enhancing the risk of default from the rise in cost of repayments ...

with no upper limit, interest rates in this sphere can go as high as 35 per cent. however, even with high interest rates, many ...

the finance ministry, in a letter dated april 17 and seen by reuters, asked banks to furnish detailed data on new loans, ...

nbfcs and mfis have been hit on two fronts, with collections dipping due to the covid-19 lockdown, and the three-month moratorium ...

the burden of unsold inventory of over half a million housing units in the top 7 cities will worsen due to impact of the ...

even after the reserve bank of india permitted banks to offer a three-month moratorium to borrowers (of all hues), nbfcs ...

many farmers couldn t visit banks to pay dues on short-term crop loans in the wake of the covid-19 lockdown and restrictions on ...

the reduction in rate comes after the rbi provided a boost to the banking system through its policy measures and also introduced ...

the extension has been granted based on the feedback received from banks and taking into account the disruptions caused by ...

asia s banking sector profitability will also decline from deteriorating asset quality and lower net interest margins, said ...

the tankers, wu yi san and chang bai san, were carrying cargoes financed by icici, the source said, adding the bank had about ...

the rbi has so far not provided any clarity on whether banks will grant moratorium to the shadow lenders on the loans they have ...

ways and means advances (wma) are temporary liquidity line given by the central bank to the government to meet short-term ...

besides challenges faced by wholesale nbfc in particular, the credit costs (amount to be provided for stressed assets), are ...

according to an edelweiss report, rs 1 trillion non-convertible dentures (ncds) and rs 1.2 trillion commercial papers (cps) are ...

on a standalone basis, as of december quarter, the lender had a capital adequacy ratio of 18.2 per cent, with tier 1 capital at ...

although the government has allowed nbfcs, hfcs to start operations, they have not allowed resumption of operations in hotspots ...

banks will have to categorise the moratorium loans as special mention accounts (sma) wherein loans are in the 0-90 days overdue ...

on friday, the rbi said it will conduct the second tranche of targeted long-term repo operation (tltro 2.0) for an aggregate ...

it is one of the most coveted jobs in the indian banking sector and market watchers are keenly awaiting who will be the chosen ...

golden jubilee hotels pvt ltd is a public-private partnership (ppp) with the department of tourism and youth advancement, tourism ...

however, there was no clarity on whether the finance companies that borrow from banks would get the option to delay payments to ...

a senior executive of a public sector bank said the iba s management committee meeting would discuss the issue of giving a ...

the branches will function as usual and will adhere to all instructions laid down by the state governments for corporates ...

rbi by reducing reverse repo rate by 25 basis points has sent clear signals to deploy that money - either by investing markets ...

earlier, the rbi had reduced the repo rate to a 15-year low of 4.40 per cent by announcing a steep cut of 75 basis points on ...

a senior state bank of india (sbi) executive said in the case of large corporates, where there is consortium and social banking, ...

public trust in public sector banks will remain strong, underpinned by a perception of strong government protection for them, ...

the approach, according to people familiar with the rbi, is that the regulator can only enable the banks to take such commercial ...

some branch staff have complained on social media of the difficulty in imposing social distancing in such conditions, earning a ...

moody s said the yes bank episode places the country s financial system on alert and the rescue in itself exposes weaknesses ...

the asian development bank said it has also approved measures to streamline its operations for quicker and more flexible delivery ...

it had said that repayment schedule for such loans as also the residual tenor would be shifted across the board by three months ...

deposit accretion activity also moderated in fy20 to 7.9 per cent from 10 per cent in fy19, according to reserve bank of india ...

rbi had announced a relief package which included a three-month moratorium on payment of all term loans outstanding as on march ...

among other tenors, the mclrs from overnight to six month loans have been cut by 0.15 per cent each in the range of 7.40-7.85 per ...

while efforts are being mounted on a war footing to arrest its spread, covid-19 would impact economic activity in india directly ...

irdai has said the acquiring bank can retain the existing certificate of registration (cor) to act as a corporate agent and ...

the board of directors, at its meeting held on wednesday, april 8, 2020, has approved the rupee bond borrowing limit of rs 7,500 ...

the corporate insolvency resolution process (cirp) was initiated against the debt-ridden company as per the provisions of the ...

piecemeal regulatory forbearance will not go far and tougher questions will be asked of both mint road and banks, reports raghu ...

the credit cost, amounts set aside for bad and stressed loans, for the indian banking system will rise to 2.8 per cent in ...

many are worried about not being able to meet their loan obligations this month several either have started defaulting or are ...

the report noted that an additional usd 300 billion spike in lenders credit costs and a usd 600 billion increase in (npas) will ...

the government provided rs 16,091 crore to pnb and rs 1,666 crore to united bank of india in september for enhancing the capital ...

the deposit base of the private sector lender stood at rs 11.46 trillion in q4fy20 compared to rs 9.23 trillion in the same ...

the move has met with criticism by a large section of sbi employees, who called it an attempt to muzzle free speech and ...

many lenders also advised borrowers not to make use of the moratorium offer in case they were in a position to pay their ...

experts feel that the three-month moratorium on repayment on loans to help people fight the impact of coronavirus seems to be ...

largest private sector lender hdfc bank said it would encourage customers with adequate funds to continue repayments to avoid the ...

experts said merger at this point of time will not be very smooth and seamless. however, heads of the anchor banks are exuding ...

effective april 1, allahabad bank will merge with indian bank, creating an entity with over 6,000 branches, 4,800 atms, 43,000 ...

the new rate will be applicable for all floating-rate personal or retail loans (such as housing and automobiles) and ...

banks are expecting a huge number of footfalls due to expected disbursement in jan dhan accounts, women beneficiaries, pension ...

the government on march 4 notified the amalgamation scheme as part of its consolidation plan to create bigger and stronger banks ...

the brllr linked to rbi repo rate is revised downwards in line with the reduction on reserve bank of india repo rate from 5.15 ...

rbi has expanded liquidity in the system sizably to ensure financial markets and institutions are able to function normally, in ...

however, this isn t a blanket policy and will be implemented on a case-by-case basis accounts granted relief will undergo ...

with branches and call centres working with skeletal staff, communicating to customers and documenting the process are key ...

with the prime minister announcing the national-level lockdown and public transportation being stopped in most of the cities, ...

the timely and decisive action by the reserve bank of india (rbi) provides vital liquidity and ensures that credit lines remain ...

the union bank ceo said that the rbi s package would help in sustaining business at a time when a 21-day nationwide lockdown to ...

the new announcements would help lift home buyer sentiment, kick-starting the demand cycle for mid-range homes and in affordable ...

the moratorium is for three months on payment of all instalments due between march 1, 2020, and may 31, 2020, including credit ...

sbi also cut interest rates on retail term deposits by 20-50 bps. for bulk deposits, the cut was steeper, by 50-100 bps, due to ...

the central bank is tight-lipped on its intervention strategy, but it is suspected that it recently intervened in a huge amount ...

the rbi governor, in his video-streamed speech, said the central bank was taking this route as the covid-19 pandemic has ignited ...

consequently, the lender has also reduced interest rates on retail and bulk deposits by between 20 to 100 basis points across ...

the outbreak of coronavirus has impacted almost 75 per cent of the sectors and the measures announced by the rbi and the ...

the repo rate has come down by 75 basis points to 4.4 per cent, while the reverse repo rate has been lowered by 90 basis points ...

the bank looks to reassure its depositors with a new print advertisement acknowledging the past and asking depositors to look ...

india is still very much a cash society and banks have been exempted from a 21-day lockdown that began this week as they are ...

the state also permitted small caterers serving the elderly to continue supply of cooked food provided their vehicles sport the ...

with the financial year ending on march 31, small- and mid-sized companies are likely to default en masse, while rating agencies ...

an account becomes npa if default is beyond 90 days. with the present crisis, a huge number of accounts will fall in this ...

tuesday s stock reaction is also an indicator of the challenges ahead of him and probably the toughest faced by the bank in the ...

puri in an interaction with reporters said the recommendations are with the search committee and before april, an appropriate ...

estimates suggest the locked down districts account for close to 50% of microfinance business in india banks and sfbs could also ...

the central bank has announced a series of measures to tide over any liquidity issues caused by the coronavirus dislocation in ...

the bank, however, could not hide its bad debt under the carpet for long as rbi auditors forced all banks to disclose their bad ...

the facility, operational from march 19 as part of the business contingency plan (bcp), was up and running in 24 hours of the ...

the banks are working round-the-clock to ensure all digital channels are up to date and have all the information that you may ...

some banks are going on an overdrive to secure employees who have to deal with the public at the branches on a daily basis with ...

rbi has been talking to other authorities on sale of securities and loan recovery unlike in commercial banks, it has no powers ...

the ad-hoc loan facility named - covid 19 emergency credit line (cecl) is aimed at meeting the temporary liquidity mismatch ...

the former banker was arrested on march 8 by the ed under the provisions of prevention of money laundering act (pmla) and was ...

the brokerage lowered the bank s rating to underperform from market-perform earlier, and lowered target price to rs 750, from ...

the agency has also sent a second summons to essel group chairman and rajya sabha mp subhash chandra to appear before it on march ...

the banking services resumed at 6 pm on march 18, 2020, and customers were able to get full services by visiting the branches ...

fieo president sharad kumar saraf said that the spread of covid-19 to over 144 countries points to the most challenging times for ...

the street is sceptical of the sustainability of rich valuations of large players such as bajaj finance and housing development ...

on wednesday, the private lender s stock saw its steepest single-day fall of 9.9 per cent in nearly 12 years it is down 33 per ...

non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) are struggling to raise funds from the capital market due to higher cost and lack of ...

the appeal to the reserve bank of india (rbi) will be made via the indian banks association, the two senior bankers said, asking ...

on march 5, the rbi had imposed a moratorium on yes bank, restricting withdrawals to rs 50,000 per depositor till april 3 in view ...

on wednesday, the bank s stock on the bse fell by rs. 61.10 or 9.20 per cent to close at rs. 603.05 from its previous close

one of the possibilities that banks would explore is to split duties and responsibilities, apart from working in different shifts ...

according to the reconstruction scheme, 75 per cent of the total investment by the bank would be locked in for three years, icici ...

the plan would cover all medical conditions, including covid-19, and up to 10 days of hospitalisation, with a cover of rs 5,000 ...

stating that the investors will not regret coming on board a new yes bank, he pointed to the massive rise in the share price of ...

kapoor is already facing an ed criminal case for receiving alleged kickbacks, through companies purportedly controlled by his ...

the board of directors on march 5 approved fair equity share exchange ratio at 115 equity shares of rs 10 each of indian bank for ...

our customers will be able to enjoy all services available before the moratorium, said prashant kumar at a press conference in ...

the lender said market rumours around financial health and stability of the bank are totally misplaced, motivated and not based ...

bl bank, for example, is down 47.2 per cent during the period. its m-cap is down from 15,700 crore on february 20 to 8,283 ...

the rating action concludes the review with direction uncertain that was initiated on yes bank s ratings on 06 march 2020. ailing ...

the sessions court in mumbai on monday extended the custody of rana kapoor, former managing director and chief executive officer ...

on friday, hdfc said it is investing in 100 crore equity shares of rs 2 each in yes bank for a consideration of rs 10 per share ...

sbi card, the second largest largest credit card issuer in the country, got listed at 13 per cent discount at rs 658 on the bse, ...

yes bank customers will be able to access full banking services from wednesday evening, as the moratorium will be lifted ...

several market observers said fpis and other institutional investors have raised concerns regarding difficulty in liquidating ...

according to sources, the kapoor companies invested around $10-11 million in awfis but their shareholding got diluted as new ...

for about last six months, india has stopped importing oil from iran, and thus oil companies have stopped depositing money to the ...

andhra pradesh s ordinance to regulate mfis has been a double-edged sword for the poor, with some digging deeper into debt, ...

sbi is investing rs 7,250 crore in the ailing lender. lic, hdfc, icici, axis and kotak mahindra and other investors have also ...

icici bank, hdfc, axis bank and kotak mahindra bank too on friday said they will join the sbi-led consortium and invest in yes ...

the consultancy or advisory firm will conduct assessment of core business opportunities and work towards a holistic operating ...

taking part in discussion on the yes bank issue, he said the government would take a review to know the quantum of civic bodies ...

the yes bank reconstruction plan will include an equity investment of at least rs 11,350 crore from various entities, including ...

the icici bank in a regulatory filing said that the board has approved an equity investment of up to rs 1000 crore in equity ...

this investment is likely to result in icici bank ltd holding in excess of 5 per cent shareholding in yes bank, the lender said ...

under the reconstruction scheme, sbi is to buy up to 49 per cent of yes bank and cannot reduce its holding below 26 per cent for ...

sbi said its shareholding in yes bank will remain within 49 per cent of the paid up capital of the private lender and following ...

himachal pradesh chief minister jai ram thakur informed the assembly that more than rs 1,900 crore belonging to the state ...

the market has been expecting an off-cycle interest rate cut by the reserve bank of india but the source said no such step is ...

former yes bank founder, rana kapoor s wife, bindu was a director in the main investment and holding companies associated with ...

the move comes even as the impact of coronavirus is beginning to be felt in india, raising further risks to economic growth and ...

the special court under the prevention of money laundering act granted an extension to keep rana kapoor under custody till march ...

we have been consistently maintaining crar above the minimum prescribed by the rbi as well as the bank s internal policy, ...

the move on yes bank comes as the impact of the coronavirus is beginning to be felt in india, raising further risks to economic ...

in view of adequate liquidity in the system, bank in a statement said it has realigned interest rates on term deposits with ...

overnight and one-month mclrs have been reduced by 15 basis points to 7.45 per cent each. three-month mclr has been revised to ...

according to the data sourced from primemfdatabase.com, mfs exposure to the at-1 bonds - also called perpetual bonds - stood at ...

yes bank administrator prashant kumar said that the moratorium imposed by the reserve bank of india could be lifted before the ...

the enforcement directorate has widened its probe in the yes bank case, taking it beyond loans given to dhfl it is now looking ...

the central government, represented by the department of financial services and yes bank, and the rbi have been included in the ...

former rbi governor, urijit patel, had said in the aftermath of the blowout at pnb that the banking regulator was better ...

yes bank has been put under a moratorium by the rbi till april 3, during which customers are not allowed to withdraw more than rs ...

if you are paying a personal home loan or doing sips, shift ecs mandate to another bank. it just might make sense to have one ...

a dozen alleged shell firms, kapoor family investments of rs 2,000 crore and over rs 4,500 crore worth of transactions are under ...

the bank, which had over rs 2.09 lakh crore in deposits, was put under moratorium last thursday due to an inability to raise ...

kumar s mettle was tested in field while leading kolkata circle as chief general manager and as general manager in erstwhile ...

before the rbi action, yes bank had deferred announcement of its earnings for the 3rd quarter of 2019-20 to march 14 or before. ...

rbi on thursday took control of yes bank, after the lender - which is laden with bad debts - failed to raise the capital it needs ...

s p global ratings on monday said quick resolution of yes bank s insolvency will keep india s banking sector contagion at bay, ...

the development comes after yes bank on thursday was put under a moratorium, with the rbi capping deposit withdrawals at rs ...

rbi said it would work on a revival plan, as part of which bonds classified as at1 capital will be written down permanently, in ...

yes bank, weighed down by an increasing pile of bad debt, had struggled for months to raise the capital it needs to stay above ...

12 shell firms, 2 uk assets, 44 paintings under ed scanner london-bound daughter stopped at mumbai airport cbi books kapoor and ...

experts say concern over growth, credit cost, and asset quality would restrict valuation improvement despite sharp correction in ...

during the period of moratorium, the yes bank ltd will not, without the permission in writing of the rbi, make payment to a ...

rbi closely monitors all the banks and hereby assures all depositors that there is no such concern of safety of their deposits ...

sbi shall not reduce its holding below 26 per cent before completion of three years from the date of infusion of the capital, the ...

the source said the searches are being carried out at the residential premises of all three daughters -- rakhee kapoor tandon, ...

sbi chief asserts private lender s failure could have huge implications for economy, says many co-investors have evinced interest ...

customers are also facing trouble because net banking services are not working and some even complained that their credit cards ...

the ed had searched rana s residence in the upscale samudra mahal complex in the worli area on friday night and had grilled him ...

the rbi s draft reconstruction plan for yes bank states that at-1 bondholders shall not be entitled to get any compensation from ...

confirming the development, an ed official said searches would continue over the weekend and kapoor might have to face ...

the mumbai-based lender has a market capitalisation of about $86 billion, giving it a bigger standing than major us banks like ...

as per the data, sbi mutual fund has the highest exposure of rs 152.83 crore, followed by rs 67 crore by hdfc mutual fund in the ...

finance minister nirmala sitharaman on friday hit back at senior congress leader p chidambaram for his jibe over crisis-hit yes ...

paytm payments bank ltd (ppbl) today (friday) announced that they are restricting transaction settlements, including upi, into ...

the bank s board has been superseded by rbi-appointed administrator prashant kumar, former deputy managing director and chief ...

the draft comes a day after the rbi imposed a moratorium on the bank, restricting withdrawals to rs 50,000 per depositor till ...

in addition, the fund house has imposed a limit of rs 2 lakh on fresh inflows into the impacted schemes till further notice, ...

this will surely not be a rescue plan. you will get to know when the scheme is out, a top sbi executive who did not wish to be ...

rbi has assured there will be a quick resolution, says fm, even as rbi governor promises resolution in 30 days sbi chairman ...

prashant kumar taking charge as the yes bank administrator is in line with notifications issued by department of financial ...

the bank has also experienced serious governance issues and practices in the recent years which have led to steady decline of the ...

yes bank will not be able to grant or renew any loan or advance, make any investment, incur any liability or agree to disburse ...

it will depend on the acquiring bank or financial institution s capacity to hold the assets till the market improves and sell ...

the customers claimed that the bank had not given any prior information about it while many rued that the atms have run out of ...

macquarie capital securities also said if state bank of india (sbi) decided to buy stake in the bank, they should buy it at rs 1 ...

a rescue plan involving sbi and life insurance corporation of india was being discussed and an announcement in this regard might ...

the announcement came hours after yes bank was placed under a moratorium, with the rbi capping deposit withdrawals at rs 50,000 ...

yes bank has been placed under moratorium and the government is reportedly planning a rescue plan involving a capital injection ...

this has been done to quickly restore depositors confidence in the bank. the scheme for reconstruction and amalgamation of bank ...

the rbi removed yes bank s board and appointed prashant kumar, a former chief financial officer of the state bank of india (sbi), ...

earlier in the day, sources said sbi along with some other financial institutions would bail out capital-starved yes bank, with ...

over the past few months, yes bank has struggled to raise capital - nearly $2 billion - it desperately needs to stay above ...

while the reserve bank has accepted his request to be relieved by march 31, the same has to be accepted by the cabinet as well, ...

the troubled non-bank lenders segment is defying caution and growing the riskier unsecured loans portfolio at a pace of 25 per ...

as per a notice published in singapore s government gazette on march 3, hsbc filed its application for winding up of itnl ...

court accepts the bank s stance that kochhar s petition has no legal basis as the lender is a private banking company and the ...

the regulator has also made it clear that in existing products where the cost of hospitalisation is covered, insurers have to ...

the banking regulation (amendment) bill, 2020, which comes in the backdrop of pmc bank scam, seeks to strengthen co-operative ...

the recently conducted long term repo operations (ltro) by rbi are aimed at providing additional durable liquidity to the banking ...

easing regulations and a surge in online banking are driving the change, with several overseas lenders increasing investment ...

at the end of december 2019, the total business of allahabad bank was close to rs 3.94 trillion, while that of indian bank was ...

while the rbi s repo rate remains unchanged at 5.15 per cent, the three-month mibor (average) has reduced to 5.75% from 6.15%

kathpalia will succeed current md ceo romesh sobti, who has been at the helm of affairs for over a decade now. sobti s term as ...

besides, the watchdog has changed the guidelines for reporting of financial statements by issuers listing their debt securities ...

axis bank on thursday said its board has approved appointment of puneet sharma as chief financial officer (cfo). his appointment ...

no other bank in the country has almost its entire top brass so closely associated with its helmsman throughout the larger part ...

fighting for market share via outpricing is lazy industry should revisit the way it looks at the customer, offer better claim ...

we are on the course on bank mergers... lot of core banking operations regarding the merger are currently going on

move follows relaxation given by rbi to expand network. earlier, the regulator had imposed curbs on lender for not meeting ...

the matter pertains to a bank guarantee of rs 6.97 crore furnished by bob to indian oil corporation (ioc) on behalf of simplex ...

the bank has been allowed to open new branches, provided 25% of all new banking outlets opened in a financial year are in ...

the reversal date of ltro on march 2, 2020 is march 1, 2023 while for ltro to be conducted on march 9, 2020, it will be march 7, ...

the proposed fee will be rs 25 per transaction the bank has uploaded a notice on its website listing this and three other ...

the portfolio at risk (par) for the industry for repayment between 31 and 180 days stood at 1.5 per cent, which was 50 per cent ...

hdfc bank aims to be a dominant and go-to bank for startups, a key official said on tuesday. close to 9,000 start-ups are ...

in the auction for three-year maturity liquidity operations made last week, the rbi had received bids worth rs 1.94 trillion for ...

pnb housing s fund-raising ability has remained intact over the last 6-9 months and it is continuing to maintain high on-balance ...

the finance minister emphasised on the need for a closer collaboration between revenue agencies to investigate tax affairs of ...

though oil giant saudi aramco was supposed to be a largest investor, particularly in the pcpir in visakhapatnam, it went away to ...

even after cabinet approval to the proposed mega merger plan, officials said, fixation of share swap ratio, shareholders consent ...

according to a circular issued by the lender s digital banking division on february 17, cash dispensation from rs 2,000 currency ...

under the national strategy, the committee has recommended new entrants to the financial system - eligible and willing to undergo ...

private sector lender axis bank has entered into an exclusive agreement with max financial services and max life insurance to ...

according to the rbi data, the system-wide sme loan book stood at rs 15.7 trillion as of june 2019, up 10 per cent over the 12 ...

the mpc is mandated to keep inflation in a range of between 2% and 6% and recent data showed the retail inflation rate in january ...

he also said the collateral gives some comfort to bankers while giving finance to exporters, but in terms of recoveries they are ...

the commercial or debt paper is the favourite route of corporates to raise funds when compared with loans from banks. they help ...

the rating agency expects the real gdp growth to slow to 4.6 per cent in 2019-20 from 6.8 per cent in 2018-19, led by a squeeze ...

the asia-focused lender has been trying to lower costs as it faces a multitude of uncertainties caused by the grinding us-china ...

the oil company told the court that it had entered into an agreement with simplex projects limited in 2017 for undertaking ...

established in 1982, exim bank is the apex financial institution for financing, facilitating and promoting the country s ...

the average annual grant under was increased by modi to rs 14,407 crore in 14th finance commission and now to rs 19,309 crore in ...

earlier this month, the central bank opted for a status quo on the benchmark interest rate, amid signs of hardening inflation and ...

laying more focus on msme segment, iob would increase its lending to the sector from the present rs 31,000 cr to rs 50,000 cr in ...

regulator aims to usher time-bound settlement of claims and eliminate disparity in charges among different for some common ...

the monetary authority also clarified that the interest on these repos will be compounded on an annual basis and will be ...

last week, the rbi harmonised guidelines for deferment of date of commencement of commercial operations (dcco) for projects in ...

the meeting will be chaired by chairman of the commission, n k singh, and will be attended by its members including a n jha, ...

in third-quarter results announced earlier this week, the bank said it plans to come out of pca by focusing on recovery, low-cost ...

this is the third downgrade of the private sector lender by ind-ra in last one year - which could adversely impact the bank s ...

slippages ratio for fy20 pegged at 3.5 per cent a tad lower than previous year s 3.7 per cent, but msmes, agri and retail are ...

the challenge before us is to deeply involve those included. i would urge all of you to think of financial products that meet ...

the lender issued a statement last month assuring customers about its liquidity and stability and said it is making every effort ...

most firms lack proper in-house succession planning and often don t spend enough time, energy and resources in planning for the ...

this statement comes days after a ubi official said that the government is expected to announce the new name and logo of the ...

while home finance can go for a longer period, and vehicle finance loans can reach seven years, analysts say five years is a good ...

this means that banks will not be needed to make additional cash reserve ratio against any incremental loans disbursed to the ...

the nhai conciliation committee recently approved a claim for approximately rs 707 crore for the ilfs-fagne songadh expressway ...

with this reduction, the one-year mclr has come down to 8.15 per cent per annum from 8.25 per cent, according to a bank ...

she said the centre has introduced some features in the budget like faceless appeals and sorting out of problems while imparting ...

while importers are paying igst on imports but not claiming credit for the same. this essentially means that the supply of ...

the 2020-21 budget has pegged gross tax revenues for 2020-21 at rs 24.23 trillion, up 12 per cent from rs 21.63 trillion in the ...

at an extraordinary general meeting, investors approved a resolution to increase authorised share capital from rs 800 crore to rs ...

the centre will soon announce the new name and logo of the entity to be emerged after the merger of punjab national bank (pnb) ...

income increased to rs 6,051.93 crore, from rs 4,112.29 crore. on a standalone basis, the net profit increased to rs 420.68 crore ...

a bench comprising chief justice s a bobe and justices b r gavai and surya kant took note of the appeal of the reserve bank of ...

the country has recorded high double-digit credit growth in the past and is capable of achieving similar growth now as well, they ...

earlier, the rbi decided to hold rates as widely expected and affirmed to stick to the accommodatory stance for as long as it is ...

the kolkata-based bank had reported a net loss of rs 998.74 crore during the corresponding october-december period of the ...

the market has taken the long-term repos worth rs 1 trillion as the biggest developmental and regulatory step that came out of ...

the reserve bank does not see any major impact on the balance-sheets of banks due to the five-fold hike in deposit insurance to ...

going forward, we think that the scales could tip in the favour of growth as soon as inflation prints become more palatable, the ...

rating agency crisil on tuesday warned of potentially high stress in non-banking lenders wholesale book well above the reported ...

bank officials said the money raised through tier ii bond offering is expected to increase capital adequacy ratio (car) by about ...

state-owned punjab national bank is seeking irdai forbearance on cutting down stake in canara hsbc obc life insurance, which will ...

the government is likely to unveil, in the union budget 2020, a troubled assets relief programme (tarp) similar to what the us ...

iba offered a 15 per cent hike in wages, a revision over previous offer of 12.5 per cent at bilateral meeting of bank and trade ...

as part of this renewed contract, the bengaluru- headquartered it major will enable abn amro bank to achieve its business and ...

private life insurer idbi federal life insurance on wednesday announced the appointment of mathivanan balakrishnan as its chief ...

while the gross premiums underwritten by private non-life insurers grew by 17 per cent to rs 69,488 crore, that of the ...

moreover, irdai has said a bank in its capacity as a group organizer may have group insurance arrangements with any number of ...

the insurance companies shall make suitable arrangements with the acquiring banks to this effect, said the the insurance ...

non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) have sought setting up of a permanent refinance window for the sector in the union budget, ...

the lender sold the shares at an average price of rs 1.91 apiece, which took the total deal value to over rs 5.77 crore.

finance minister nirmala sitharaman at several occasions assured bankers that adequate measures would be taken to protect honest ...

bob s new managing director and chief executive sanjiv chadha tells business standard that while the bank has a comfortable ...

in the three months to december period, bob s fresh slippages stood at rs 10,387 crore, of which rs 4,509 crore were on account ...

the two leading urban co-operative banks (ucbs) - with over 100 years of history each - will be the first to seek the central ...

dcb bank s total income was up 13.66 per cent at rs 990.89 crore during the quarter under review as against rs 871.78 crore in ...

the chief justice said tax judiciary plays a very important role in resource mobilisation of the country and expressed concern ...

bank unions have called for a two-day nationwide strike on january 31 and february 1 after talks over wage revision failed to ...

the company will be issuing shares to promoter entity cholamandalam financial holdings, to raise around rs 300 crore in one or ...

with the account being declared fraud , banks are not expected to make additional provisioning it has been already classified a ...

kumar s statement follows speculation that the government, which controls sbi, may ask the lender to play a role in bailing out ...

the short-term investment limit has now been increased from 20 per cent to 30 per cent in both the cases, the rbi said in a ...

instead of just focusing on earning brokerage selling etfs, broking houses are also considering packaging multiple etfs as part ...

the cut-off yield for 7.32 per cent-2024 was 6.408 per cent, while for 6.45 per cent-2029, it was 6.5780 per cent

puri, whose term comes to an end in october this year, is also an advisor to the search committee tasked with identifying a ...

the rbi was forecast to next cut rates by 25 basis points to 4.90% in the october-december quarter, according to the poll ...

the exposure, which is for the period ended september 2019, is across various platforms such as life funds, pension funds, and ...

post the ransomware attacks of 2017, the demand for cyber insurance from the manufacturing sector has been on the rise, said ...

the central banks of britain, the euro zone, japan, canada, sweden and switzerland announced a plan to share experiences to look ...

abhishek dafria, vice president and head - structured finance ratings at icra, said the volume in q3fy20 were low compared to ...

the regulator had planned to implement indas 117, which is an equivalent of ifrs 17, and indas 109 from april 1 onwards, but the ...

the specific loan loss provisions in the current quarter include one-offs of approximately rs 700 crore, primarily relating to ...

total income rose to rs 36,039 crore during the december quarter against rs 30,811.27 crore in the year-ago period, hdfc bank ...

with difficulties in nbfc sector continuing, economists at sbi on friday pitched for the reserve bank to play its role as the ...

patra wrote the monetary policy framework, which targets flexible inflation targeting, and is the basis of the six-member mpc in ...

warrier has been the chief operating officer of the bank since november 2015, and also holding the additional responsibility of ...

the pca norms trigger if a bank s net npa crosses 6 per cent or if crar (capital to risk weighted assets) is below the regulatory ...

after the two-day strike, bank unions are planning to hold a three-day strike from march 11 to 13 and indefinite strike from ...

a more granular analysis of fy19 and fy18 credit data shows that of the 161 and 148 firms which fall in the very large accounts ...

the bank, in a regulatory filing on tuesday said that the regulatory restrictions by rbi on opening new branches, through their ...

they will study the suggestion of each of the banks. if there are certain areas which need to be harmonized in tune with the ...

soft spoken, articulate, and celebrated for his disciplined and original research work, patra is known to take hawkish stance who ...

your money is 100 per cent safe with sri guru raghavendra sahakara bank. it s my responsibility, ramakrishna said at sri guru ...

the fresh set of guidelines, which will usher in a stricter compliance regime, is in the works and could be in the public domain ...

the bank is seeking recovery of amounts towards the clawback of bonuses given to her from april 2006 to march 2018 after her ...

in an interview with business standard, vikas khemani, founder, carnelian capital advisors says earnings should grow by 13-15 ...

better share of retail assets, improved underwriting standards were the positives of his first year as md ceo asset quality ...

the cause for concern for the rbi in this regard is that it has no control over the ndf market, whereas, the onshore market is ...

the pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana (pmjdy), launched in august 2014, was a watershed in the financial inclusion movement in the ...

the bank also said it would not proceed with a $1.2 billion offer from canadian investor erwin singh braich and spgp holdings ...

if given a license, chaitanya will be the second microlender after the west bengal-focused bandhan to be granted a universal ...

with this app the bank is targeting 3 million places of worship, 600,000-800,000 housing societies 2,000 clubs and 500 cities ...

bankers said they are looking outside the bankruptcy courts and will be able to resolve a few debts in the power sector before ...

the rbi had come with a scheme on voluntary transition of ucbs into small finance bank (sfb) on september 27, 2018. but there was ...

the move comes in the backdrop of the scam in punjab and maharashtra cooperative (pmc) bank causing distress to over 9 lakh ...

infrastructure finance companies might have to brace for additional pressure on asset quality from exposure to renewable energy ...

the independent watchdog for auditing profession has sought applications for 10 posts of consultants and senior consultants on ...

the notification of the returns followed budget announcements making income-tax return filing mandatory for certain persons even ...

itr 1-sahaj is for individuals having an annual income of up to rs 5 million from salaries, a house, interest income, family ...

the framework is used to put lenders with high non- performing assets, weak return on assets and low capital adequacy ratio on a ...

the government, which usually notifies forms for filing income tax returns by individuals in april every year, on january 3 ...

following an nclt order dated december 3, subramaniakumar, through a public notice, had asked all the creditors including fixed ...

according to sources, promotions and transfers till scale four at officers level for the financial year 2020-21 is being decided ...

the board of directors of the bank accepted the resignation on the day and he will be relieved from services on march 31, based ...

in a regulatory filing to the stock exchanges, the bank said it has received the amount as contribution of the government in ...

crisil believes bob will be able to maintain adequate capitalisation over the medium term, backed by capital support from the ...

speaking at an interactive session organsied by ficci, rajnish kumar said private investment was necessary for achieving the ...

jammu and kashmir bank on saturday said the rbi has permitted lenders to extend the rehabilitation benefits applicable to the ...

ten central trade unions have called a nation-wide general strike on january 8 to protest against anti-labour policies of the ...

for customers with loans above rs 75 lakh, the effective rate will be 8.45 per cent. for women borrowers in each loan category, ...

direct tax collection target for the current fiscal has been pegged at rs 13.35 lakh crore despite corporate tax relief of 1.45 ...

the issue which opened on thursday and closed the same day, saw a total of 11 allottees through private placement of bonds, the ...

rbi said it reserves the right to decide on the quantum of purchase sale of individual securities accept bids offers for less ...

power supply fell to 101.92 billion units in december, down 1.1% from 103.04 billion units last year, an analysis of daily load ...

the free app doesn t need internet connection and can identify mahatma gandhi series of notes, both old and new, included in half ...

the new board of infrastructure leasing and financial services (il fs) expects to recover close to 50 per cent of the firm s ...

the rbi-regulated entities have to amend their contracts at the earliest or at the time of renewal, in any case not later than ...

while concerns have been expressed of late that stress may be on the rise in the retail loan books, it is also true that lenders ...

the size of the distressed asset fund is expected to be on the lines of the government of india-backed aif for distressed housing ...

a problem which is now being worked upon is to how to marry the low cost of funds from banks with the lower cost of operations of ...

non-food credit growth of banks slowed to 7.2 per cent to rs 86.73 lakh crore in november, according to the latest data from the ...

the crippled non-banking financial companies are hoping for better days in the new year as they expect liquidity condition to ...

united bank of india has written to the government seeking a new name for the entity formed out of its merger with punjab ...

under his governorship, das silenced the ever-hungry market and north block mandarins with 135 basis points reduction in interest ...

at the start of the decade, the government was busy infusing stimulus packages to revive various sectors affected by the global ...

move to boost netc, foster competition among system participants turnaround time for resolving failed transactions will be ...

the rbi had announced to purchase and sell simultaneously government securities under open market operations (omo) for rs 10,000 ...

every fundamentals indicate towards higher growth and better future next year, finance secretary rajiv kumar told pti, ...

automation also needs to be accompanied by a transformation of skills and talent to enable the finance function to take on the ...

the deposit insurance and credit guarantee corporation has received a total claim of about rs 14,100 crore in case of defaulting ...

over the past four years, total financing to real estate companies nearly doubled to rs 2.01 trillion, shows the fsr released on ...

after getting it badly from markets watchdog sebi, credit rating agencies (cras) whose role in the bad loan implosion has been ...

the rbi declined to give copies of two complaints received by it regarding irregularities in the bank and the action taken on ...

apex bank s fsr report says equity prices may also be used to determine intermediate rating action, but advises caution about ...

sitharaman said bankers have no reason to fear the three cs , referring to the central bureau of investigation (cbi), central ...

on a year-on-year basis, a large variation was observed in hpi growth, with kanpur recording the highest rise (18.3 per cent) and ...

as of 2018-19, the premium collected from member banks was rs 12,040 crore, of which commercial banks contributed 93 per cent ...

currently, the ucbs are not a part of the crilic reporting framework. the rbi s move will help strengthen offsite supervision and ...

following nbfcs, hfcs were the second-largest borrowers of funds from the financial system with gross payables of around rs 5.9 ...

state-owned banks have been grappling with stressed loans and limited capacity to absorb further rise in slippages expected due ...

what is more pertinent is the divestment revenue. of the rs 1.05 lakh crore budgeted for the year, only 17 per cent have been ...

non-bank lenders witnessed stress in their asset quality in the first half of the current fiscal, with gross npa ratio increasing ...

this additional factor of authentication will protect state bank card holders from unauthorized atm cash withdrawals, it said ...

lic chairman m r kumar handed over the cheque to finance minister nirmala sitharaman in presence of finance secretary rajiv kumar ...

these assets belong to hdil group firms owned by rakesh wadhawan and his son sarang, the prime accused in the rs 6,500-crore scam ...

in august, the finance ministry had announced a capital infusion of rs 3,800 crore in the state-owned lender. this has now been ...

karnam sekar, managing director and chief executive officer, iob, recently said that the bank is expected to come out from prompt ...

according to icra, even in a high-growth scenario, wherein the second half of fy20 sees the incremental bank credit rise to rs ...

sitharaman will also discuss with psbs the prospects of launching rupay credit cards, a move that was recently announced by sbi ...

loans and advances of foreign banks operating in india rose about 13 per cent to nearly rs 3.97 trillion in 2018-19.this was ...

the facility will be available to customers on 24x7 basis even on holidays, enabling them to receive or send funds to any bank ...

sales in mumbai rose 22% in 2019 even though a persistent credit crunch and economic slowdown curtailed recovery in india s ...

the department of financial services in a letter on thursday conveyed the sanction for release of the fresh capital infusion fund ...

the reserve bank on thursday appointed jammu kashmir bank as the lead banker for the newly carved out union territory of jammu ...

the amount they bought of such npas in the 12-month period was less, at rs 57,506 cr, from the rs 67,830 cr they acquired in the ...

the sector faces increasing competition from not only scheduled commercial banks (scbs) but also from small finance banks and ...

in 2017-18, the government had infused a capital of rs 90,000 and another rs 1,06,000 crore in 2018-19 into the psbs, bolstering ...

the budget projected the centre s fiscal deficit to come down to 3.3 per cent of the country s gross domestic product (gdp) in ...

imf also said there were weaknesses in the deflation method used to derive value added. deflators are used to convert gdp at ...

according to a study titled asia-pacific prime office rental index q3 2019 by property consultant knight frank, the national ...

the anti-caa protests have led to delays in repayments in the entire north-east region, pockets of uttar pradesh, as well as in ...

currently, there is not a single domestic lender in the global top 50 list, which since the 2008 global financial meltdown has ...

the secured redeemable non-convertible debentures are to be allotted on a private placement basis on friday for an issue size of ...

the kingpin and two of his accomplices were arrested and produced before a court which remanded him in judicial custody and ...

the lender investing more than rs 10 lakh across p2p platforms will produce a certificate to p2p platforms from a practising ...

total advances by all sources - public sector banks, private sector banks and co-operative banks rose to rs 53,5840.18 crore in ...

rbl, federal and city union appear better-placed to handle the potential sme loans-related woes investors should be cautious on ...

and to address these issues, there are two things which are happening, one is at the iba level and another by rbi to develop ...

the pca framework kicks in when banks breach any of the three key regulatory trigger points namely capital to risk weighted ...

he also said that the state bank of india (sbi) is underutilising its loan sanction limits as there is not enough credit demand ...

on rate transmission by banks, kumar said when interest rate moves downwards then everybody starts talking and when it goes ...

on transmission of monetary policy, he said the banks cannot lower rates beyond a threshold due to asset liability mismatch ...

at present, pensions products are sold by both insurance companies as well mutual funds, which makes irdai and sebi, as the ...

post process, the effective date of listing for the commercial paper at the exchange will be december 23, the bse said in a ...

india inc leaders, including bharti enterprises chairman sunil bharti mittal, cii president vikram kirloskar and assocham ...

the court also said that the assets of hdil and wadhawans must be sold at the earliest in the interest of the pmc bank and its ...

initially the platform will be to collect fixed deposits for hdfc, bajaj finance, and mahindra finance, he said, which will be ...

it can be noted that in january 2019, the insurance behemoth completed acquisition 51 percent stake in idbi bank, following which ...

resolution delays coupled with rising provision cover on large legacy bad loans (nearing 90 per cent) could mean that loan ...

lender had approached tribunal seeking shares pledged by karvy to it be unfreezed, saying the clients who owned the securities ...

apart from this, the regulatory and legislative measures taken by the government in the past few years have propelled growth in ...

sbi had last year listed its life insurance arm and the proceeds came in handy to fight difficulties in asset quality. it is also ...

in addition to the $277 million dollar loan facility, kfw will also extend a grant of 1.5 million euros to sbi as a technical ...

the enforcement directorate on monday filed a charge sheet against housing development infrastructure ltd (hdil) promoters ...

the rbi had asked the bank not to grant or renew any loans and advances, make any investment or incur any liability, including ...

in a regulatory filing on saturday, pnb said the divergence in gross non-performing assets (npas) assessed by the central bank ...

india ratings and research (ind-ra) has revised outlook for the lender from stable to negative and affirmed its long-term ...

the country s largest lender and insurance australia group (iag) held 70 per cent and 26 per cent, respectively, in sbi general ...

banks and non-bank firms are in a feedback loop, especially through exposures to the real estate sector, which is under ...

granular deposits, which are current and savings deposits and retail term deposits, accounted for 48 per cent of total deposits ...

flagging multiple lapses, the national financial reporting authority (nfra) has said that deloitte haskins and sells llp failed ...

as part of rationalising its international operations, state-owned bank of baroda thursday signed a share purchase agreement ...

yes bank ltd. shares tumbled the most in two months after its board deferred an announcement on new investors, prompting a ...

the meeting focused on credit flow to the productive sectors which include micro, small and medium enterprises and non-banking ...

funding issues, rising borrowing costs, re-calibration and de-risking of loan portfolios and economic slowdown will weigh on aum ...

the bank last month appointed new leadership to the division and aims to bolster its m a activity by adding more bankers to ...

defaults that began in 2017 with the il fs group have triggered liquidity issues across other banks and shadow lenders that now ...

fms statements in the lok sabha show that 41,360 public-sector bank employees have been held responsible and penalised for npas ...

the cash squeeze in the nation s shadow banking industry, which lends to everyone from street vendors to property tycoons, shows ...

banks retail credit growth is up due to higher reliance on securitisation by liquidity starved non-banking lenders, and does ...

the brokerage said if the rbi is not comfortable with a negative real repo rate, which is the repo rate minus the headline ...

idbi bank will sell up to 49 per cent stake in its subsidiaries idbi capital markets securities ltd (icms) and idbi intech ltd ...

the board decided that the final decision regarding allotment to citax holdings and citax investment group will follow in the ...

the revised one-year mclr now stands at 8.30 per cent, down from the existing 8.40 per cent, the state-run lender said in a ...

based on the divergence assessed by rbi in provisioning for bad loans, sbi said it would have reported a net loss of rs 6,968 ...

state-run lenders had posted aggregate operating profits during 2017-18 and 2018-19 of rs 1,55,603 crore and rs 1,53,871 crore ...

banking regulation act says that prior approval of the rbi is required to terminate the contract of a bank s chairman or managing ...

earlier, kochhar had stated that icici bank was under statutory obligation to obtain prior rbi approval to terminate her from ...

at a meeting on tuesday, the board is expected to reject an offer from canada s erwin singh braich and hong kong-based spgp ...

this is the eighth cut in mclr in this financial year and follows a 5 bps reduction last month most banks have linked their ...

the only conversion to date of an urban co-operative bank into a commercial bank is dcb bank in 1996, which was however not a ...

the bank mobilised total deposit of rs 9,72.44 crore and extended loans and advances of rs 8,864.47 crore at the closing of the ...

neft transactions are settled in hourly batches. for weekdays, the batches are from 8 am to 7 pm. on first and third saturdays, ...

the state-owned lender said the board approved issuance of up to 125 crore fresh equity shares through qualified institutions ...

the new centre will allow boa to raise debt in international currency, even as the foreign bank launched two indian bond auctions ...

sridharan joined axis bank in june 2010 and was made cfo in october 2015. he was previously with capital one financial, a ...

the deal includes a commitment of $150 million in niif s master fund and co-investment rights of up to $450 million in future ...

the bank s customers couldn t access these services from 10 am on monday to early wednesday morning. many tweeted saying they ...

the forensic audit report on the scam-hit punjab maharashtra co-operative bank is expected by the end the month, reserve bank ...

the state-owned banks account for a dominant share (around 90 per cent) of impaired loan stock and have cumulatively written-off ...

global rating agency says potentially stressed assets and low loss-absorbing buffers may add pressure to the bank s funding and ...

in india s context, corporate loans both standard and non-performing assets (npas) have been transferred from banks to other ...

the maharashtra government has suggested merger of the scam-hit punjab maharashtra cooperative (pmc) bank with the msc bank ...

arvind kumar sharma of the ruling bharatiya janata party said on one hand the nation was moving towards digital india while on ...

these measures are expected to strengthen the resilience and sustainability of ucbs and protect the interest of depositors, it ...

ppis have been playing an important role in promoting digital payments and bringing in the new ppi will further facilitate its ...

the comments come a year after the government tagged bitcoins and other crypto-currencies illegal and following which the rbi ...

banking and policy experts said government lending schemes had a track record of skimping on due diligence, leading to ...

the industry has been reeling from a crisis triggered by the shock collapse of financier il fs group last year, which has been ...

the government is keen to revive credit growth and spur asia s third-largest economy, which expanded at the slowest pace in six ...

if the central bank views asset purchases as a way to influence the waning quantity of money, then it should act now. doing so ...

the economic offences wing of the mumbai police arrested three former directors - two of them women - of the punjab maharashtra ...

some creditors to altico capital india ltd., which focuses on real estate lending, are concerned that the absence of fresh equity ...

the information was provided by minister of state for finance anurag singh thakur in a written reply to a question on fugitive ...

finance minister nirmala sitharaman in september had asked banks to reach out to customers and signal their willingness to lend ...

in august, the government announced a mega plan to merge 10 public sector banks into four with a view to creating fewer and ...

the corporation covers all commercial banks, including branches of foreign banks functioning in india, local area banks and ...

the bank is expecting that a little less than 50% of its portfolio will be dominated by affordable housing loans in the next 3 to ...

the new product is targeted at those who can deliver a relationship value of over rs 5 crore, as against the earlier rs 30 lakh ...

over 62% or about $58 billion of the total loan advances ($93 billion) to indian real estate by banks and nbfcs hfcs is ...

the third largest pure-play mortgage player has been in liquidity crisis for long and on november 20 the rbi had superseded its ...

the finance minister said that in case of medical emergencies, marriages and other crisis situations, a depositor of the pmc bank ...

the board will meet again on dec. 10 to approve a preferential allotment of shares to investors, none of which will receive more ...

in april 2019, the bank had first disclosed that it had started to provide extra capital, but had not given out the exact levels ...

india s richest man, mukesh ambani, wants to connect 30 million small retailers with common inventory-management, billing and tax ...

even as market rates have fully reflected the rate cuts, companies are not necessarily in the mood for borrowing, as they face a ...

board agrees to allot 24.24 mn shares at rs 340.70 apiece rbl had already told shareholders at agm that it would raise equity ...

with this, the holding of reliance project ventures and management ltd in reliance infra has come down from 30.05 per cent to ...

an interim moratorium on the assets of the beleaguered company has also commenced following the rbi s application, and will ...

liquidity pressures faced by the non-banking financial sector following the il fs failure are likely to continue though funding ...

yes bank ltd. is expected to name the investors and the amount of money they will contribute after its board signs off on the ...

it wasn t too long ago that economic aspirations for india echoed china s. now this young country of 1.4 billion people is ...

even as banks have written off more loans than before, recovery of bad loans has also improved substantially in the past couple ...

simply put, it will do away with the prevailing situation wherein non-banks have no clue on the status of credit exposure of ...

the issue will comprise fresh fund raising worth rs 500 crore, which will be used to augment the capital base to meet future ...

a court here has allowed the rbi- appointed administrator for pmc bank to sell two airplanes and a yacht belonging to hdil ...

the regulator has penalised the broker with a fine of rs 1 crore each for violating norms on related party transactions and not ...

ministry was reluctant to assign serial numbers initially, but relented after sbi raised concerns about internal control and ...

the mudra loan scheme was launched by prime minister narendra modi in 2015 to help the highly under-funded small and medium ...

the current round of fundraising will help the bank deepen its penetration in punjab and expand into haryana, rajasthan and nct ...

bankers, nclt said, failed to appear in the case relating to the il fs fraud despite repeated notices from the ministry of ...

the provisions in the ibc provide for the orderly resolution of a stressed company. until now, the only resolution framework for ...

speaking to an audience comprising of all the top bankers, rbi deputy governor said the new guidelines will be put in public ...

at business standard banking forum 2019, india s top bankers discuss the difficulties facing the country s financial services ...

under the basel-iii norms, at-1 bonds come with loss absorbency features, meaning that in case of stress, banks can write off ...

were rbi and govt slow to react to the nbfc crisis there was an initial feeling that it was a one-institution problem, but going ...

sc ruling last week not only paved the way for arcelormittal s purchase of essar steel india ltd., but also allowed banks to set ...

the committee would comprise of rajiv lall, non-executive chairman, idfc first bank ltd, n s kannan, managing director and ceo, ...

the potential write-off would place an additional burden on indian banks already struggling with $130 billion of bad loans, one ...

this comes at a time when the rbi is sprucing up its regulatory and supervisory architecture to meet the challenges of the ...

the mumbai-headquartered pureplay mortgage lender has become the first nbfc or housing finance company to go for bankruptcy ...

sbi s market capitalisation on friday stood at a low rs 2.95 trillion, which is just about 42% of private sector hdfc bank s rs ...

edelweiss personal wealth advisory has witnessed an increase of 25 per cent in its client base in bhubaneswar in the last two ...

after watching the shadow banking industry collapse in slow motion for more than a year, authorities have decided that enough is ...

for over ten years, the rbi has denied rti applicants this information arguing that it would be against the economic interests of ...

bank s credit grew by 8.07 per cent to rs 98.47 lakh crore in the fortnight ended november 6, according to the recent rbi ...

the non-compliance included the opening of savings bank accounts of a co-operative society and non-adherence with directions on ...

state bank of india reported fraud of ₹25,400 crore followed by punjab national bank of ₹10,800 crore and bank of baroda of ...

gross non-performing assets assessed by the reserve bank of india were $457 million higher than yes bank had disclosed as of ...

the proposed curbs on core investment companies will make it tough for large corporate groups to funnel capital as they did in ...

this ipo is mainly to meet the regulatory requirement. rbi had asked the bank to list on the bourses by september but this was ...

in a detailed affidavit filed before the bombay high court on tuesday, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has virtually admitted ...

yes bank closed on tuesday 2.66 per cent lower, at rs 64.15 a share, on the bse.

banks led by sbi may make a representation to the rbi, stating the current resolution process did not find much success and they ...

the reserve bank employees unions on tuesday urged the government to hike the insurance cover on bank deposits from the present ...

authorities have taken more steps recently to help the shadow bank sector, which plays a vital role in getting money to everyone ...

the reserve bank is in the process of setting up a college of supervisors to augment the supervisory skills of its key ...

rbi has been blaming banks for slower transmission of its policy moves into their lending rates and continuously nudging them to ...

most highly rated companies are enjoying rate benefit of more than 150 basis points in their working capital raised from the ...

according to a source close to the development, the bank is still in talks with the investor and has not taken any decision on ...

the ministry notified the framework for dealing with systemically important fsps, excluding banks, under the code wherein ...

insolvency proceedings will be initiated only on an application by the appropriate regulator, who will be notified by the mca, ...

at present, bank depositors get an insurance cover of rs 1 lakh on their amount by the deposit insurance and credit guarantee ...

the bank had earlier reported npa provisions of rs 18,647.23 crore for 2018-19, while the rbi assessment pegged the provisioning ...

the top-rated non-banking financing companies are able to get loans in the domestic market as well, but they are finding that ...

there is slow down in motor segment and provisions towards bad debts and diminution in value of certain equity investments ...

the lenders, led by state bank of india, bank of baroda and idfc had moved the high court seeking a relief from an earlier order ...

the economic offences wing (eow) of mumbai police has arrested an auditor in connection with the alleged rs 4,355 crore scam at ...

as a result, there will be no corporate title promotions in 2019, the memo said. dws will still have a chief executive and chief ...

the bank s gross non-performing assets during the first six months of the year stood at rs 1346.65 crore, or 4.91 per cent of its ...

two auditors were arrested on monday night in connection with the rs 4,355-crore alleged punjab and maharashtra cooperative ...

opposing their pleas, the mumbai police s economic offences wing (eow) had said that prima facie a nexus between some of the ...

around 400 depositors of fraud- hit punjab maharashtra co-operative bank (pmc) on monday met mumbai police commissioner ...

the bank s net non-performing assets were at 1.72 per cent of net advances as on october 31, 2019 and gross non- performing ...

total pe vc investments in india now stand at $43.7 billion till now this year--16.5 per cent higher than the previous high of ...

its shares have rallied about 50 per cent -- the biggest gain among global peers valued at more than $1 billion -- after ...

many shadow lenders have been effectively shut out of the nation s credit market as the more than 15-month-old banking crisis ...

according to rough estimates, the need is at least rs 2,000-3,000 crore in each of the companies, the total collective ...

the rbi contemplates a return to an earlier supervisory rating framework for nbfcs, too, while ensuring financial statement ...

gross npa at 21.25% of gross advances, compared with 12.31% a year ago net npa rise to 10.47% from 6.88%

cholamandalam investment finance company ltd, in which the company holds 46.5 per cent stake, disbursed rs 15,954 crore for the ...

the need for a robust bond market has increased, thanks to the stressed balance-sheets of banks, m rajeshwar rao, an executive ...

gross npa ratio rises to 19.05% from 17.53% a year ago, net npa falls to 5.98% from 7.96%

the write-offs illustrate the urgent problem of bad loans as borrowers struggle to service, let alone pay-off, their debt in a ...

most of the stalled projects are in eight large cities and 60 per cent of them are in the mumbai metropolitan region and national ...

a consortium - led by union bank (unbk.ns) and state bank of india (sbi.ns) - was set up to restructure dhfl s (dwnh.ns) debt a ...

this issuance is through private placement basis with a door-to-door tenure of 10 years, and the proceeds will be utilised by the ...

a consortium - led by union bank and state bank of india - was set up to restructure dhfl s debt a month after it defaulted in ...

surjan singh is one of three former credit suisse bankers who have pleaded guilty to taking millions of dollars in bribes to ...

the three firms need immediate recapitalisation of at least rs 2,000-3,000 crore each in order to maintain solvency ratios and ...

idbi bank has informed and cautioned the public through the notice that no person shall deal with any of the properties of the ...

the bank had posted a net profit of rs 356.55 crore during the corresponding july-september period of last fiscal ended march 31, ...

a decision to announce a fresh stimulus could be a tough one for the government, after its budget deficit topped 90% of its ...

initially, nbfcs have to maintain a minimum of 50 per cent of high quality liquid assets as part of the lcr, which will ...

more than 60 per cent of customers say they already use these products from bigtechs or challenger banks or are likely to do so ...

this is the fifth increase in withdrawal limit since the bank was placed under its direct control with an administrator on ...

the policies that have lapsed for more than two years and were not allowed to be revived earlier can also be revived now, lic ...

the bank has lately seen some recovery in its share price after informing exchanges that it had a binding offer from a global ...

the recent changes in mutual funds regulations are likely to result in a decline in the volume of commercial paper outstanding by ...

with elevated credit cost guidance and addition to stressed assets, share under pressure faster than anticipated capital ...

gill exuded confidence that the bank does not see any jump in this book in the future, but conceded that it was keeping a similar ...

net profit stood at rs 266.4 crore compared to a loss of rs 1,156.3 crore in q2 of 2018-19.

the bank had reported a provisioning of rs 6,131.86 crore for non-performing assets, while the rbi had assessed provisions of rs ...

lakshmi vilas bank was placed under the rbi s pca framework due to high level of bad loans, lack of sufficient capital to manage ...

instead, the unions said, ensuring proper governance in the system and removing political interference will address the ...

this was the third-biggest single-day gain for the stock - it zoomed 33 per cent in early october and 30.7 per cent in ...

congress leader sanjay nirupam on thursday said the economic offences wing (eow) of mumbai police has assured that the scam-hit ...

the bank said in september, it witnessed 15.4 million transactions totaling rs 395 crore being undertaken by its 2 million ...

while the bank believes higher margins and lower credit costs will propel its return on assets by fy21, some analysts expect npas ...

technology is helping nbfcs show more confidence in high-risk borrowers with credit scores under 700 deep behavioral analysis is ...

the market potential for bullion banking in india, according to the council, has an estimated value between $300 million and 500 ...

earlier this month, the gold loan financier had informed about its proposal to raise $2 billion (around rs 14,200 crore) from ...

the bank s provisioning for bad loans and contingencies came down to rs 639 crore during the quarter as against rs 2,217 crore in ...

union bank holds around 46 per cent stake in star union dai-ichi life insurance and andhra bank is a part of indiafirst life ...

the fed said it will monitor the implications of incoming information for the economic outlook as it assesses the appropriate ...

the association will provide the bank s customers access to the insurer s portfolio and make insurance more accessible to its ...

the shareholding of the government in the bank will go up to 78.52% after the issue, from 70.62% currently.

the bank said this is the first lot of non-performing asset accounts to be sold during the ongoing quarter of the current ...

debt capital market underwriting fees totalled $201.2 million, up 108.7 per cent from a year ago - the best-ever first three ...

results of sbi, icici bank and axis bank indicate respite in formation of fresh bad loans resolution and recoveries will be ...

the ncp leader defeated his cousin pankaja munde of the bjp in the just-concluded assembly elections from parli in beed district ...

the chennai-headquartered mid-sized private sector bank has been headless since mid-september after the then chief executive ...

such stringent cost control is just an example of how the lender has managed to pare expenses and boost efficiency, wooing ...

non-food credit climbed rs 214.40 billion to rs 97.28 trillion, while food credit rose rs 2.05 billion to rs 602.90 billion

the bank said it is on track to meet its 9% return on equity goal for 2019, but that the economic environment means achieving its ...

the only reason the rescue is even being attempted is to delay - as long as possible - the collapse of the large shadow lender ...

intense competition among telcos had already impacted financial profile of firms and court judgment would now only add pressure ...

kpmg did a forensic audit on dhfl. its draft report has startling findings and says dhfl could have diverted funds to ...

troubles began last year when major shadow bank il fs group unexpectedly defaulted, prompting broader shock that made it hard for ...

a recent contagion analysis released by the reserve bank of india (rbi) suggested that the failure of any top-five hfc or nbfc ...

it reported profit before tax (pbt) at rs 751.78 crore for the second quarter (q2) ended september 30 (q2fy20), down from rs ...

the agency said it also pictured a scenario where 30 per cent of banks property exposure becomes non-performing, due to tight ...

on a standalone level, which represents the banking operations, pbt at rs 2,100.63 crore was up 20.6 per cent yoy, while net ...

the stress test examines the potential impact on banks of liquidity pressures in the nbfc sector developing into widespread ...

the weakest, including those with viability ratings in the b range, would face heightened solvency risks without capital ...

most legal experts believe had the frdi bill been enacted alongside the insolvency and bankruptcy code, it would have helped the ...

the state bank of india (sbi) will conduct an e-auction of 11 bad loan accounts on november 7 to recover dues of rs 466.49 ...

the depositors gathered outside the rbi around 11.45 am and held protests by showing placards and chanting slogans against pmc ...

an 83-year-old depositor of the troubled pmc bank died on friday, with his family claiming that it could not raise money for ...

the regulator, auditor and management should be held responsible for fraud in punjab and maharashtra co-operative bank or other ...

the wadhawans, in a letter to the ed, union finance ministry and rbi, requested that they be allowed to sell off 18 of their ...

the company s board will meet on october 24 to declare quarterly earnings for the second quarter of this fiscal and will also ...

sitharaman said while she is grateful that rajan did an asset quality review, but people should know what makes the banks ailing ...

q2fy20 witnessed the large $16 billion flipkart-walmart deal. if this deal is excluded, exits during q2fy20 were almost twice the ...

a depositor of scam-hit pmc bank allegedly committed suicide here, while another died of a heart attack a few hours after ...

sanjay gulati, the deceased, had lost his job at jet airways when the airline was grounded in april, his famly said. he also had ...

however, when the accused came face to face, they shifted the onus of their acts onto each other, revealed the remand extension ...

rbi said it reviewed the bank s liquidity position and, with a view to reducing the hardship of the depositors, it decided to ...

bankers parleys with top policymakers come at a time when growth has slowed to a six-year low due to consumption slowdown and ...

srinivas said the only problem between financial and operational creditors during the litigation process in bankruptcy cases ...

for the third time since its punitive actions, the reserve bank on monday increased withdrawal limits at the crippled ...

pmc is in bad health allegedly due to its exposure to near-bankrupt realty player hdil, to which it has loaned over 70 per cent ...

she said the banks have sufficient liquidity, and efforts are being made to ensure that due payments are released to the msme ...

instances and scale of farm loan waivers have seen an unprecedented increase since 2014-15... this surge is driven by state govt, ...

the meeting assumes importance after the punjab and maharashtra cooperative bank scam and the general liquidity deficit in the ...

according to the reserve bank of india rules, banks can choose between repo, treasury rates, or any benchmark set by financial ...

in the first fortnight of the fiscal ending april 12, the credit demand grew 14.19 percent after closing the previous fiscal at ...

the reserve bank s central board on friday discussed in detail the regulatory and supervisory architecture of commercial and ...

the decision taken by the rbi brings to an end the uncertainty and the financial institution would continue to raise capital as ...

the minister said she will speak to rbi governor shaktikanta das about the interest of the depositors and convey their urgency ...

on wednesday evening, the reserve bank of india quashed a proposed merger of indiabulls housing finance ltd., one of the ...

the bank would look for higher equity infusion from the central government, its promoter, and also look at tapping tier-ii bonds ...

this is despite their strong branch network and plans to expand retail banking operations psb lead race, accounting for 70% of ...

the bank s board and shareholders approved setting off losses against the balance lying in share premium account and revenue ...

the rbi has appointed an administrator and superseded the board of directors at pmc, after the discovery of major financial ...

based on recent brokerage recommendations, here are six stocks - three that have seen an increase in their target price since ...

meanwhile, there is enough evidence to indicate that nbfcs, real estate sector and retail loans may not presently be in a safe ...

the idea - seconded by the r gandhi committee on ucbs in 2015 - behind this was to cut through the legal bureaucracy and tap ...

india s banking industry has been caught in turmoil over souring loans, with the crisis first emanating from the less-regulated ...

the punjab maharashtra cooperative bank (pmc) scam points to the urgent need to massively increase the depositor insurance ...

according to an investment banker, the bank has received interest from both global pe players and indian family offices ...

in an interview with somesh jha, rao spoke about the road map of the amalgamation and how the corporate tax cut and repo ...

indusind joins axis bank ltd. and edelweiss financial services ltd. in predicting that the indian financial sector s woes will ...

former managing director of punjab and maharashtra cooperative (pmc) bank, joy thomas, arrested in connection with the alleged rs ...

reliance home finance ltd (rhfl) on friday said it is in discussion with several investors for equity infusion, amid tight ...

since the punjab national bank scam came to light in february 2018, the banking sector has been hit with two other major crises - ...

a group of aggrieved home buyers of the scam-hit realty developer hdil have written to prime minister narendra modi seeking his ...

joy thomas was arrested by the mumbai wing of the economic offences wing after the reserve bank of india (rbi) took charge of the ...

the rbi is reviewing the existing regulatory framework for cooperative banks and will discuss the matter with the government, das ...

they were arrested by the special investigation team (sit) of the economic offences wing (eow) of mumbai police on thursday and ...

although letters of loan sanctions were handed out to customers at the mela, most of these were already under process for some ...

the reserve bank on thursday enhanced the withdrawal limits for depositors of the scam-hit punjab maharashtra cooperative ...

weak governance, poor internal controls, political interference and dual regulation by state governments and the reserve bank of ...

the r gandhi (former deputy governor of the rbi) committee s report on ucbs (2015) was prescient, in particular, for the need to ...

three ucbs, which reported their fy19 financials, have an average gnpa average ratio of 5.6 per cent last fiscal, down from a ...

dollar bonds of yes bank ltd., which has sizable exposure to the cash-strapped shadow lenders, slumped a record 5.5 cents to 80.9 ...

the lender says its financial and operating metrics are intrinsically sound and stable, with liquidity position well in excess of ...

sbi is the lead banker in 48 districts across the country. likewise, bob is the lead banker in 17 out of 250 districts in the ...

the institute of chartered accountants of india has written to the vigilance department of the rbi and the commissioner of ...

the suspended managing director of punjab and maharashtra cooperative (pmc) bank, joy thomas, has blamed the auditors for the ...

the firm is targeting an issue size of rs 1,500-2,000 crore and may file its offer document with markets regulator securities and ...

the rbi statement came on a day when the nifty bank index tanked by 1.30 per cent in intra-day trade amid a barrage of negative ...

lender inserts ads in several newspapers, issues public notice to explain its point on the fir that was filed against it based on ...

debt-laden housing financier dhfl on tuesday said it has no exposure to hdil and punjab maharashtra co-operative bank, and ...

the governor has already hinted that the benign inflation provides room for further monetary policy easing while space for fiscal ...

frenetic large cash withdrawals by a few large depositors of the now crippled punjab maharashtra cooperative in the third ...

banks in india risk seeing their capital severely depleted if there is a rise in corporate defaults, warned global rating agency ...

the bank also listed out targets for merchant acquisitions and said it is aiming for a 5 percentage points reduction in its ...

given the extent of current nervousness in the financial system, it would be a bad idea to let this problem linger for even six ...

hdfc capital advisors guides hdfc capital affordable real estate fund 1 (h-care 1) and h-care 2, in which adia is an anchor ...

the admission came in after a board member leaked the actual balancesheet details to the reserve bank, a source in know of the ...

the resolution to raise funds by issuance of securities was approved by shareholders in the annual general meeting held on ...

the rbi had set up the internal working group to review the current liquidity management framework with a view to simplify it and ...

the rbi has said the depositors of the pmc bank would not be allowed to withdraw more than rs 1,000 from a savings account, ...

in an attempt to allay fears of depositors and customers of punjab maharashtra cooperative bank (pmc), its suspended managing ...

the qip issuance was done at a price of rs 629 per equity share at a tight discount of 1.44% over the closing price of the issue ...

the merger marks the end of a bank in which two states with contrasting identities - uttar pradesh and west bengal - took equal ...

both non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) and housing finance companies (hfcs) are shying away on such loans to micro, small ...

banks in india are not wholesale-funded entities as in developed markets, but deposit-taking. only a percentage of their books is ...

aiboa, the indian national bank officers congress and the national organisation of bank officers had called for a two-day strike ...

acharya highlighted the dichotomy of india s massive economy -- asia s third-largest -- but one where living standards are still ...

the bank has also extended the external benchmark-based lending to medium enterprises, to boost lending to the msme sector as a ...

the loan camps are being held later than the scheduled date of september 24-29 as lenders will be involved in finalising their ...

once the present hurdles relating to the integration of technology with the non-banking finance companies are removed, the model ...

the financial compensation should be done suo motu by the bank, without waiting for a complaint or a claim by a customer, the rbi ...

against bank credit of rs 98 trn at present, desired level should be rs 400 trn, says dinesh kumar khara as per rbi data, bank ...

the critical issue is to ensure that the process of transition following the merger should be in the most non- disruptive manner, ...

das comment on non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) comes at a time when banks are grappling with the resolution of stressed ...

state-owned lenders will hold meetings with non-banking financing companies--or shadow banks--and new retail customers in 200 ...

ncds are loan-linked bonds that cannot be converted into stocks and usually offer higher interest rates than convertible ...

finance ministry is working out mechanism to release the money, stuck after it sanctioned the amount to other ministries ...

among other committees formed by banks to implement the merger is a committee on branding, which will look into the issue of logo ...

finance minister nirmala sitharaman had on august 30 announced the consolidation of 10 state-run banks into four large-scale ...

according to reports, a leading private sector bank allegedly moved in to secure its exposure by netting-off money from a fixed ...

deal could be valued at rs 700 cr analysts say this could be seen as a direct impact of the recently-announced mega-mergers of ...

rajnish kumar said the central bank s recent guidelines on floating rate products for the retail segment has necessitated the ...

the pain is clear in both funding costs and share prices a handful of shadow banks have lost between 40 per cent and 90 per cent ...

releasing the draft guidelines for on tap licensing of sfbs in the private sector, the rbi said existingnbfcs, micro finance ...

the default by dhfl is towards principal and interest on non-convertible debentures worth rs 350 crore issued by it, dhfl said in ...

rbi had earlier this month made it mandatory for banks to link all their fresh retail loans to an external benchmark, effective ...

the rbi on thursday increased loan exposure limit of banks to a single nbfc (excluding gold loan companies) from 15 per cent to ...

the government has identified four state-run banks- punjab national bank, canara bank, union bank of india and allahabad bank for ...

the announcement of a new stimulus package is a remarkable turn of events, just nine months after the ecb signaled it was done ...

while liquidity played a role, banks reluctance to lend due to risk aversion and tightened group borrower exposure limits are ...

the bankrupt infrastructure leasing financial services (il fs) tuesday has received 14 binding financial bids worth around rs ...

in the past 10 years, aptus has built a franchise in affordable housing finance with a loan book of over rs 2,650 crore, which ...

as many as 1,197 cases of cheating involving rs 12,012.77 crore were detected in sbi in the first quarter, according to the rti ...

full details of the entire flow of funds to and from all the accounts that were active even for a single day in the year 2018 ...

the decision was taken in a meeting of 10 psbs, who are part of the latest merger process, with finance ministry officials in ...

private sector bankers have earlier warned that repo is inherently a volatile rate, but linking the lending rates to the ...

with this cut, which comes amid repeated rbi nudges to slash rates, the total quantum of rate reduction by the bank since april ...

the lender pays rs 51.6 lakh as settlement charges under so-called consent mechanism its compliance officer pays another rs ...

by the end of 2019, govt could be forced to raise the fiscal deficit target to 3.5% of gdp from the current target of 3.3% as ...

the cash squeeze threatens a broader fallout, as the higher cost of funds is passed on to merchants getting micro loans and ...

while the market is looking at near-term implications of the merger like the pace of lending activity, banks are more concerned ...

this is the first time the government has decided to pump money in idbi bank after lic acquired a majority stake of 51 per cent ...

bank unions - officers and workmen - had buried their differences and sat across the table on august 29 to work out a fresh deal ...

the six-member task force, headed by canara bank chairman tn manoharan, was formed to examine the scope for developing a ...

last friday, the government had unveiled a mega plan to merge as many as 10 public sector banks into four to help create stronger ...

with the share of cash deals rising, discounts could remain high. to make way for newer acquisitions and attract new and repeat ...

the report said the department of financial services should work with psu banks to bring in more efficiency to their work and ...

besides recent corporate slippages, slowdown would impact unsecured retail loans, farm and micro finance loans, commercial real ...

lenders to be merged into a single entity to also hold separate meetings to chalk out roadmap april 1 seen as pragmatic deadline ...

real gdp slowed to 5% year-on-year in 2q (first quarter of fy20) from the first quarter s 5.8%, below dbs sub-consensus and ...

under the new regime, home loans can be had at 8.2% a year, while four-wheeler loans will carry 8.85%, which the lender says is ...

any more debt repayment delays or defaults risk reversing an expected recovery in india s gross bad loan ratio and worsen a ...

the possibility is that high calibre chief risk officers in the psbs already earn rs 1 crore to rs 2 crore, whereas even sbi ...

nirmala sitharaman was replying to a question on the bank employees unions opposing the merger plan on the ground it would lead ...

the consolidation will help create strong and globally competitive banks with economies of scale and enable realisation of ...

india ratings and research has downgraded yes bank ltd s long-term issuer rating to ind a from ind aa-, the bank said in a ...

branch closure would mean more customers going to fewer branches. banking services would be impacted, as the customer population ...

the government on friday unveiled a mega plan to merge 10 public sector banks into four as part of plans to create fewer and ...

while announcing the merger, finance minister nirmala sitharaman said plans is to create fewer but stronger global- sized banks ...

the exercise, seen together with the previous two rounds of bank consolidation, will bring down the number of nationalised public ...

the products -- suvidha plus home loan and suvidha plus auto loan -- will be benchmarked to the reserve bank of india s (rbi) ...

most of the banks are planning to go for a qualified institutional placement to reduce the stake, and lic would be a major ...

commercial credit flows from nbfcs stood at rs 9.34 trillion in fy19, down from a high of rs 11.60 trillion in the previous ...

the govt has unveiled steps ranging from concessions on vehicle purchases to hastening of capital infusion in state-run banks to ...

there were also suggestions to have an agriculture credit guarantee scheme, and a stronger institutional network to prevent ...

fall in share price will challenge the bank s ability to raise sufficient capital to maintain the rating at its previous level, ...

the association s chief says rbi is now maintain the reserve at the lower band of 5.5% instead of at the higher band of 6.5%, ...

hdb finance, an nbfc in the retail financing space, has seen its overall loan portfolio grow by 22 per cent to rs 56,287 crore as ...

this comes at a time when the economic growth rate has slumped to a five-year low after accelerating in the first few years of ...

current situation may not allow banks to significantly tinker with deposit rates making it tough to fully pass on the fall in ...

this follows the rbi board accepting the recommendation of a high-level panel headed by its former governor bimal jalan on ...

the bank is in discussions will nbfcs hfcs such as pnb housing finance, indiabulls consumer finance, iiffl, annapoorna mfi among ...

bank chief sees rising price of precious metal helping gold loan segment, but is cautious about volatility and possible softening ...

jalan committee has recommended transferring the rbi s surplus reserves to the government in a staggered manner over three-five ...

a significant portion of the capital provided would be tied up in boosting core capital and provisioning against bad debts which ...

through linking of repo rate to retail loans, the bank is passing interest rate benefits directly to the customers and it will ...

the largest private sector lender said the quality of its credit card portfolio is not yet affected by the broader economic ...

the rbi chief said the slight slowdown in the last quarter was a temporary one and the economy is likely to end the fiscal with ...

in order to improve access to long-term finance, the government would be setting up an organisation to provide credit enhancement ...

the move is expected to generate an additional lending and liquidity in the financial system to the tune of rs 5 lakh crore, she ...

ceo jayakumar said the bonds were likely to be floated by august-end or the first week of september to raise tier ii tier i ...

in view of the falling interest rate scenario and surplus liquidity, sbi realigns its interest rate on term deposits with effect ...

lately, india s banking system has been beset by a bad debt crisis, which is crimping credit to productive sectors, dampening ...

rbi has also tightened regulations this year by putting in place rules requiring shadow lenders to appoint a chief risk officer ...

what is telling is that large swings in the indian business cycle are still not a thing of the past, despite the adoption of ...

the key reason behind ubfa s revised demand from the 15 per cent earlier is that the gap between what bank employees earn when ...

rbi has permitted processing of e-mandate on credit and debit cards, besides prepaid payment instruments, including wallets like ...

the bank has no plans to discontinue debit cards but increased use of the digital platform will itself reduce the requirement of ...

the move is a follow-up to instances of illicit deposits - after demonetisaton - in bank accounts opened under the pradhan mantri ...

indian banks trail their global peers in three areas absence of personalised marketing messages, lack of straight-through ...

regulatory changes provide lenders clearer picture of which trades are prohibited, but critics say they could again endanger the ...

reserve bank of india governor shaktikanta das has stressed the need for the entire banking system to link their loans and ...

currently, the portal gives in-principle approval for loans of up to rs 1 crore to micro, small and medium enterprises in just 59 ...

as per the banks board bureau s (bbb) recruitment notice, candidates including from the private sector can apply for the ...

rbi issued the new npa recognition and resolution guidelines on june 7 after the supreme court had in april declared the earlier ...

sbi chairman said through the yono platform, one can withdraw cash at the automated teller machines or pay for purchases at a ...

the defaults pertain to three cases with regard to interest payment on non-convertible debentures and commercial papers (cps), ...

under the companies law, these entities raising money had to create debenture redemption reserve (drr) and that requirement has ...

finance minister nirmala sitharaman had already held consultations with various stakeholders, including industry, banks, ...

even as he reiterated the regulatory resolve to not let any large nbfc fail, reserve bank governor shaktikanta das monday ruled ...

calling for radical corporate governance reforms at state-run banks, das said their real test would be their ability to access ...

categorically terming the round of fund infusion as growth capital, gill believes that it gives the bank some breathing room to ...

to contain high bad loans in the mudra scheme, the managers suggested that a national portal be floated to verify the borrower ...

to help the auto sector tide over stress, the country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) has extended the credit period ...

the psb has organised a meeting of all branch heads wherein collective consultative and ideation process was undertaken to align ...

state-owned punjab sind bank (psb) on saturday said it has lowered its marginal cost of funds based lending rate (mclr) by up ...

the prosecution complaint was filed in a special court of the prevention of money laundering act, charging former senior ...

reserve bank of india s (rbi) report, dated march 22, 2019, found that non-performing assets on il fs s books were as high as 70% ...

the bank had given notices to 200 families of gardenia gateway by gardenia group in sector 75, noida, on august 5, as per the ...

besides, use of atms for balance enquiry and fund transfers too should be not part of the free transactions facility given to a ...

state bank of india (sbi) on wednesday said it is planning to dilute stake in its card business through the initial public offer ...

if a fintech firm requires interface with a core banking system for example, a real-time and scaleable model of it will be made ...

the government has allowed the nbfcs and hfcs to buy back their assets after a specified period of 12 months as a repurchase ...

a pooled bond structure is backed by a partial guarantee enhancing the credit rating for the loans and lowering the cost of ...

the overseas sovereign bond issuance, therefore, will lead to feedback process getting further entrenched in the domestic debt ...

with this revision, canara bank has cumulatively reduced its mclr by 20 bps during the last six months and thus, one-year mclr ...

nine lenders of the 19 psbs, including indian bank, state bank, bank of baroda and canara bank, have reported current value of ...

the rate cut follows an mclr cut by the country s largest lender sbi post the rbi s decision to reduce the key interest rate by ...

tata capital financial services, a subsidiary of tata capital, said it would hit the market with tranche 2 of its ncd to raise up ...

in the third bi-monthly monetary policy review, the central bank cut the repo rate for the fourth time in a row to 5.40 percent-- ...

he said banks have taken this stance despite financial markets, on which they depend for money, moving in tandem with the rbi ...

with the new development, the centre will automatically get the 60% share that the state of jammu and kashmir holds, but via the ...

the agency also said the bank s counterparty risk assessment of baa3 and domestic and foreign currency counterparty risk rating ...

past evidence has proven that transmission works best when there is positive banking system liquidity during rate cuts and tight ...

in a separate filing, bank of baroda said the rbi has imposed a fine of rs 50 lakh on it for delay in reporting fraud in an ...

banks fined on july 31 were allahabad bank, bank of maharashtra, bank of baroda, bank of india, indian overseas bank, union bank ...

while the revised norms are applicable only to public sector banks, separate guidelines for private banks and non-banking ...

finance minister nirmala sitharaman will meet heads of state-owned and private banks on monday to discuss the ongoing liquidity ...

the cnaps, launched in 2008 by people s bank of china provides real-time settlement services for all payments cleared in mainland ...

the windfall treasury profits come as a relief for lenders staring at a potential surge in bad loan provisions due to a slowing ...

bank credit and deposits rose by 12.01 percent and 10.59 percent to rs 96.57 lakh crore and rs 126.491 lakh crore respectively ...

the budget proposed that businesses with annual turnover of more than rs 50 crore shall offer low-cost digital modes of payment ...

ecbs with a minimum average maturity period of 10 years can now be used for working capital purposes and general corporate ...

as part of the revised terms, the country s largest bank by assets has decided to halt lending to dealers of hyundai motor india ...

a few quarters of pain in sectors that depend upon shadow financing is a small price to pay to produce a sector that winds up ...

the sbi has cut deposit rates by 5-75 basis points across tenures. shorter-tenure deposits have seen a higher quantum of cut than ...

this is the maiden fundraising via the ecb route in 2019-20 by pnb housing finance. the company further said that other ecb ...

rbi rejected suggestions given by rti activist on operations of nbfcs, like to ban calls luring customers for unsecured loans, ...

the term deposit rates will be 20 basis points lower for retail customers, and 50-75 basis points lower for deposits up to 179 ...

the reserve bank of india s board will meet on august 16 to discuss, among others, the nation s proposed maiden offshore bond ...

pnb housing finance managing director sanjaya gupta said this is the first ecb disbursement during the current financial year ...

the secondary loan market in india is largely restricted to sale to asset reconstruction companies and ad hoc sale to other ...

the report, however, said nbfcs will benefit more from the rs 70,000 crore recapitalisation of state-owned banks, which will ...

acquiring india s largest micro financier gives the bank presence in more than 115,000 villages that will increase its ...

acharya s boss at the central bank, shaktikanta das, says a continuous and prolonged dependence on the government s capital ...

at the standalone level, the bank reported a 33 per cent rise in net profit to rs 1,360 crore from rs 1,025 crore in the year-ago ...

indira gandhi s brilliance as a politician lay in her ability to transform the most sordid political intrigue into high ...

earlier this month, punjab national bank (pnb) said it had reported a borrowing fraud of rs 3805 crore in bhushan power s account ...

the surplus capital transfer would help the government meet its fiscal deficit target as it will come as a windfall to the ...

the bank is looking to disburse rs 500 crore in the next one year through its newly-launched lending program, the smart edge for ...

they say it is anti-patriotic as it could create long-term risks for the economy, potentially allowing rich foreign nations and ...

the penalty, rbi said, is based on deficiencies in regulatory compliance and is not intended to pronounce upon the validity of ...

the so-called fintech revolution, where outsiders are taking over the traditional activities of established players (like ...

to address the stress in the sector, finance minister nirmala sitharaman in the budget proposed that public sector banks would ...

the country s largest life insurer lic, which is the only state-owned life insurance firm, witnessed more than two-fold rise in ...

total income during june quarter of 2019-20 rose to 1,829.16 crore from rs 1,616.44 crore in the year-ago period, the bank said ...

kantar today throws up interesting insights and also reflects the huge gap between reality and perception that exists in the ...

according to the study, private sector lender hdfc bank and psu lender state bank of india top the list of local banks which are ...

the global rating agency s calculation of risk-adjusted capital for most rated indian psbs is 5-7 per cent, and this is one of ...

after the customary post-budget meeting with finance minister nirmala sitharaman, he said the system has sufficient liquidity and ...

public sector lender punjab national bank said saturday it has detected a fraud of more than rs 3,800 crore by bhushan power ...

the decision follows concerns that a broader financial crisis may emerge as firms like dewan housing finance corp. and anil ...

srei infra finance will remain holding company for lending entity srei equipment finance, which will now only offer fee-based ...

under this partnership, indostar will originate and service the customers through the entire loan life-cycle including sourcing, ...

what s dawning on all concerned is there is simply no way that state-run banks can dole out equal hikes to their staffers as has ...

the apex nbfc body finance industry development council (fidc) tuesday said they should be allowed to avail of refinance ...

there has been a spike in loan ticket sizes in the past two years, and a rise in the loan outstandings of borrowers approaching ...

private capital firms like aion capital, joint venture between icici venture and apollo capital management, and lone star are ...

the agency has appointed chief financial officer vipul agarwal as the interim chief operating officer who will be reporting to ...

singh also said there is a clear directive of rbi to appoint recovery agents only after proper police verification and fulfilling ...

the central bank has already slashed the repo rate by 75 bps since december 2018 when shaktikanta das took over reigns from urjit ...

the report also pointed out that the nature of recent fmp defaults had primarily involved debt obligations backed by pledging of ...

psbs were found to be severely impacted, with the car of 19 of the 21 psbs likely to go down below 9 per cent in case of such a ...

the successful candidate would be the only deputy governor out of four at the reserve bank of india who will sit on the ...

acharya is the third top official to quit rbi before completing their term. the first was former rbi governor raghuram rajan and ...

acharya, a new york university economics professor who once called himself the poor man s raghuram rajan , was appointed as rbi ...

acharya, who will return to the new york university s stern business school in august instead of in 2020, felt the rbi has made ...

the ecf panel constituted by the rbi was mandated to submit its report within 90 days of its first meeting, which took place on ...

refinancing the obligations poses a challenge as investor concerns flare amid mounting problems such as auditors quitting, ...

the on-tap licensing of sfbs comes even as the banking regulator has not officially said it has closed the tap for universal ...

recently, kolkata-based public sector lender uco bank published the name of yashovardhan birla along with his photograph, in ...

in that period, indian overseas bank reported 1,115 frauds involving rs 12,644.7 crore, while oriental bank of commerce 1040 ...

this payment of rs 962 crore is inclusive of the rs 500 crore dhfl received from exiting its entire stake in subsidiary firm ...

within days of anti-corruption bureau action against j k bank, the income-tax department tuesday initiated probe into the alleged ...

hfcs have to in keep 13 per cent as liquid assets--instead of 12.5 per cent earlier--with the remaining share of public deposits ...

the sfio, in its complaint, has alleged that the auditors were aware that ifin was lending to defaulting borrowers through group ...

in the last few months, many micro housing companies had already shrunk their lending operations by 40-45% in the absence of ...

according to a company source, the group will repay the dues by thursday, even as its managing director and chief executive ...

switzerland informs india and other countries about suspected illicit wealth parked in its banks, seeking to shed the perception ...

the central bank has also said any action by lenders with an intent to conceal the actual status of accounts or evergreen ...

on february 12, 2018, the rbi had issued a circular under which banks were asked to initiate resolution or restructuring of loans ...

the latest casualty is dewan housing finance corp, which missed payments due june 4 and had its short-term credit rating cut to ...

the country s largest lender sbi too said it has been closely monitoring its exposure to the nbfc sector for the past 10 months ...

nomura analysts said the reserve bank of india and the government would need to segregate the potential solvency issue at dhfl ...

clsa feels asset sales will be key to prevent defaults by dhfl, as expected repayments over the next two months are higher at rs ...

earlier, it had issued an exposure draft on may 20, proposing a hike in motor third party insurance premiums and had invited ...

a strong brand in tier-ii and lower cities, dhfl was an aaa-rated company till february 3, when it was downgraded to aa by care ...

in its first charge sheet filed against the group, the sfio found gross violations by the company while doing credit appraisal ...

crisil and icra assigned d rating to dhfl s commercial papers, anticipating a default, while care ratings marked d, or default, ...

the latest available rbi consolidated data tells us that in fy18, these banks reported positive earnings before provisions and ...

axis trustee will provide facility agency services to ifsc banking units for their ecb transactions and trusteeship services to ...

these companies are seeking a level-playing field where all lenders in the segment come under a common code, namely the code for ...

the international finance corporation (ifc) sees immense opportunities to finance projects through green bonds in india ...

the modified large exposures framework (lef) provides exclusion of entities connected with the sovereign from definition of ...

liquidity improved, despite a challenging scenario, due to better portfolio quality. barring few pockets where recovery was ...

of the total external commercial borrowings (ecbs) in april 2019, $2.66 billion was raised through the automatic route, $500 ...

rbi will undertake a centralised mass media campaign during the month of june on doordarshan and all india radio to disseminate ...

rate cuts are very much likely, given there are emerging concerns on growth and projected inflation is fairly within the comfort ...

the new age companies use different tenets of digital technologies to keep them agile and keep the business model transparent to ...

the rbi specifies know your customer (kyc) norms to be followed by banks and other entities regulated by it for various customer ...

this is the company s first us dollar-syndicated deal since january 2019, when the reserve bank of india permitted nbfcs to tap ...

instead of providing a much-expected liquidity window to non-bank finance companies via the regular lenders, the central bank ...

public sector banks (psbs) have recovered close to rs 1.2 lakh crore from stressed assets during the financial ended march, ...

the report comes against the backdrop of the reserve bank of india s decision to create a specialised cadre to supervise and ...

the govt has been trying to merge smaller regional state-run banks with better managed larger government-owned lenders as one way ...

earlier this week, the reserve bank of india (rbi) appointed former deputy governor r gandhi as an additional director to the ...

the bank managed to sell only rs 1,700 crore of assets to asset reconstruction companies in fy19, about one-tenth of what it ...

this is the first quarterly earnings announcement by the bank after it came out of the prompt corrective action framework in ...

muted government spending and high election-linked expenditure have created a cash deficit in india s banking system in the past ...

the number of automated teller machines in the country shrank in the past two years despite an increase in transactions, reserve ...

the role of auditors, credit rating agencies and some former officials entities are already being looked into by the ministry, ...

on monday, the bank posted a net profit of rs 95.18 crore for q4 of fy19, against a net loss of rs 261 crore in the same period ...

the gross npa of the bank as a percentage of total lending in the last quarter stood at 16.48 per cent in the last quarter, ...

total income of the bank during the january-march quarter rose to rs 5,711.92 crore from rs 4,689.12 crore in the same quarter a ...

the board has proposed a final dividend of rs 17.50 per share and the proposed final dividend is in addition to the interim ...

former icici bank ceo chanda kochhar monday appeared before the ed in connection with an alleged bank loan fraud and money ...

the loss is due to increased provisions on npas and fraud accounts especially due to back dating of npas and one big account ...

indian shadow banks now face rising risks that weaker developers may struggle to repay those borrowings, as housing sales have ...

as a clutch of private banks set out to raise capital, the quality of assets and governance will hold the key more than ever ...

while the i-t dept s e-filing website showed returns filed in 2018-19 fell to 6.68 cr from 6.74 cr in the previous fiscal, the ...

as much as 80 per cent of global flows of merchandise -- worth about $9 trillion -- is financed by some form of credit, guarantee ...

rti experts are elated with the apex court s latest order that emphasised on the rbi s statutory duty to uphold the interests of ...

canara bank said ratings on its additional tier-i bonds worth rs 1,500 crore has been downgraded to aa- , with a stable outlook, ...

provisioning for bad loans during the quarter more than halved to rs 177.76 crore, as against rs 371.53 crore in the ...

m s sahoo also noted that cocs must provide all relevant information to resolution applicants so that they find interest in the ...

economic affairs secretary subhash chandra garg said there is a rising need for the agency to focus on strengthening human ...

rating action also factors in further weakening in core equity capital cushions due to voluntary provisions and consequent losses ...

last year s defaults by il fs exposed fault lines among india s shadow lenders, which had grown rapidly to account for a third of ...

the il fs crisis in september led to panic in markets with liquidity quickly drying up for borrowers, whose business models ...

the action is triggered by the increasing share of the corporate loan book in pnbhfl s total loan portfolio and the consequent ...

fallout will be that some of the smaller audit firms will find it difficult to comply with the new format, and may have to seek ...

gill said the new leadership is very serious about confirming to the highest standards of governance and also set new industry ...

he explained that markets regulator sebi has exempted acquisitions under resolution plans from making public offers under the ...

the original february 12, 2018, circular was explicit that resolution plans should be drawn up on unanimous approval by all ...

the lender has focused strongly on cost reduction, bank rationalisation and npa recoveries today, only 5% of its branches are ...

the temple official said the over 2000-year-old lord venkateswara temple was growing richer by the year with an annual income of ...

from the start of this fiscal, firms with a working capital limit of rs 150 crore and above will first have to avail of 40% of it ...

rating agency icra in its outlook for the microfinance sector said that more than 90 per cent of the capital raised in fy2019 was ...

chanda kochhar also has to provide income-tax returns in her individual capacity and of companies if she was a director or held ...

while coming up with a revised framework for resolution of stressed assets, the regulator should be careful of the potential for ...

the pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana (pmjdy) was launched on august 28, 2014 with an aim to provide universal access to banking ...

net interest income for the quarter increased 22.8 per cent to rs 13,089.5 crore from rs 10,657.7 crore in the same period of the ...

according to mfis, one of the factors behind the rise in securitisation deals was state bank of india s (sbi) decision to buy ...

currency dealers say the central bank has the scope to do another $5 billion swap, considering that banks have extra dollar ...

at present, borrowing from the p2p platform by a single entity is also limited to rs 10 lakh. most micro and small enterprises ...

mutual funds and institutional investors are still wary of lending to non-bank financiers, and tighter market liquidity has ...

the bbb has told the government to improve the operative environment and selection process for filing up post of directors on psb ...

one-year mclr will be 8.50% per annum (pa). the interest rates on all loans linked to mclr stand reduced by 5 bps from april 10, ...

indian overseas bank is the second state-run lender to reduce mclr following a second consecutive 25 bps cut in the repo rate by ...

while the pace of growth of retail loans has slowed, the demand for credit products has accelerated due to factors like rising ...

flush with funds, sbi in october 2018 had tripled its target to buy good quality retail asset portfolio from finance companies to ...

we expect the bank s internal capital generation to improve gradually as declining credit costs alleviate pressure on its ...

the union further alleged it (the merger) is obviously a short-circuit method by indiabulls housing finance ltd and manage to ...

the management has said the present name had been a locally known one in kerala and nearby states for around a century, though it ...

in a 4 2 majority vote, rbi had cut the repo rate to 6 per cent from 6.25 citing the need to support growth that has lost ...

one of the biggest reason was that few large mortgage players returned to the market in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 after ...

boi has a 28.96 per cent stake in the joint venture, while union bank of india and dai-ichi life owns 25.10 per cent and 45.94 ...

last month, the sebi board approved such participation to provide investors an additional tool to hedge against inflation. the ...

the banking regulator did not consult the government before issuing the circular, which drags a bunch of companies to the ibc, ...

the supreme court quashed the rbi circular of last year that pertains to the provisions for referring the defaulter to the nclt ...

mallya, who added a portfolio of real estate, yachts, scotch whisky and formula 1 racing to his united breweries ltd. business ...

rbi had asked lenders to execute a resolution plan for big stressed accounts by a 180-day deadline, failing which they were to ...

the government in september last year announced the first-ever three-way consolidation of banks in india, with a combined ...

earlier this week, the government decided to infuse rs 5,042 crore in bob to enhance capital base of the lender ahead of the ...

pnb has entered into an agreement to sell 1,08,91,733 equity shares held in pnb housing finance ltd to varde partners at a price ...

shrinking staff is an annual tradition for the biggest securities firms, which trim personnel in some areas to expand in others ...

in january this year, bandhan bank announced its merger with gruh finance, which will reduce the promoters stake to about 61 per ...

last year, toronto-based fairfax agreed to invest $168 million for a 51% stake in the syrian catholic bank, the first time the ...

experts say it is about time rbi lift the ban on such derivatives but there aren t enough natural safeguards if the deals are ...

the government in september last year had announced merger of vijaya bank and dena bank with bank of baroda, aiming to create the ...

farmers are an integral part of india, and baroda kisan is a dedicated platform created to ease their requirements, the bank ...

hfcs are expected to report a 13-15 per cent credit growth in fy19, which will inch up to 14-16 per cent in next fiscal year, ...

in february, the government proposed a capital infusion of rs 4,112 crore in the public sector lender through preferential ...

the two banks cite unfair treatment saying other lenders will get disproportionately higher amounts, object to payout through a ...

the bank is pinning its hopes on profitability of unit-level branches, reduction in npa and slippages, improvement in operating ...

the bank had recently invited bids for the property, but did not receive any as the reserve price was on a higher side at around ...

gruh finance, the affordable housing finance arm of hdfc ltd, was taken over in january by kolkata-based bandhan bank in a ...

inclusion in the list gives additional comfort to investors that these banks won t be allowed to fail and therefore, borrowing ...

in the first nine month of fy19, the net losses stood at rs 42,900 crore and is expected to increase to rs 65,000 crore during ...

these banks have witnessed growth in assets under management, deposits, and better return on their equities, besides mitigating ...

the lender said except mittal corp and shree vaishnav, the auctions are under the swiss challenge method and will be conducted on ...

videocon industries and its promoter venugopal dhoot and p n dhoot are guarantors to unity appliances, as per the public notice ...

the bank will service its savings bank account holders with over rs 1 lakh of outstanding balance an interest 2.75 per cent lower ...

while the rbi has not mandated banks to switch to external benchmarking, it had proposed that they link all new floating retail ...

the housing market regulator has proposed to raise capital adequacy ratio for hfcs from 12% to 15% by march 2022 and pare their ...

upgrade reflects improved solvency of the banks, following capital infusion by govt. moody s estimates both banks will achieve a ...

shaktikanta das, the new rbi governor, has been trying to nudge bankers to lower lending rates, holding meetings with bank chiefs ...

indian lenders burdened with the world s worst bad-loan ratio are stepping up effort to recover delinquent debt after the reserve ...

the bank and lic, through its collective network of branches, offices and workforce, have started leveraging their mutual ...

tightening the spigot on debt purchases is bad news for a market already jittery about heavy supply of paper from pm modi s ...

from may 1, the savings bank deposits with balance above rs 1 lakh will earn an interest of 3.5 per cent, 2.75 per cent lower ...

khullar, a graduate from the indian institute of management, ahmedabad, is a career citibanker, having worked with the ...

the penalties, ranging from rs 1 crore to rs 4 crore, were imposed by orders dated january 31, 2019, and february 25, 2019, the ...

reserve bank governor shaktikanta das friday said credit rating agencies play a critical role in the stability and efficient ...

banks would be required to prepare financial statements for the financial year beginning april 2019 as well as for the previous ...

global majors ibm and accenture set to compete with existing vendors infosys and hp for deal to integrate different technology ...

the relaxation in the ecbs and masala bonds norms has made it attractive for the nbfcs and hfcs to tap into the offshore credit ...

the rbi imposed the fines over the past four days, according to stock exchange filings by the banks, though specifics of the ...

the decision on omo is based on an assessment of prevailing liquidity conditions and also of the durable liquidity needs going ...

state-owned central bank of india has put up for sale four stressed accounts, including bhushan power steel and essar steel ...

however, with market sentiments remaining muted, the fundraising might not be an easy task, especially for banks which are still ...

according to the budget 2018-19, the government intends to disburse loans of up to rs 3 trillion in the current financial year ...

built into this speculative episode, like its predecessors, is a euphoric flight from reality and a blindness to risks that ...

dena bank said the reserve bank has imposed a penalty of rs 20 million on it for non-compliance with the directions issued on ...

the appointments committee of the cabinet has approved his appointment as part-time non-official director as well as ...

yes bank friday said ravneet gill has taken charge as its md and ceo with immediate effect for a tenure of three years. ravneet ...

bulk of the recap funds to banks will go towards provisioning, and it will take time before it leads to acceleration of credit ...

the finance ministry last week announced infusion of rs 48,239 crore in 12 public sector banks in this fiscal to help them ...

in december 2018, the bank announced that rajiv anand, executive director-retail banking has taken over as the executive ...

along with hfcs, nbfcs account for about 60 per cent of real estate developers loans as banks stayed away from lending to ...

the il fs bond toxicity contagion is spreading rapidly. the virus has now spread to a rather large body of savers, in this case ...

uco bank expects its privileged status processing refiners payments for iranian oil shipments to add more than rs 8 billion to ...

rbi governor shaktikanta das held the first meeting with heads of select commercial banks after the monetary policy review on ...

even after the last policy rate reduction, only two banks--sbi and bank of maharashtra--chose to do something, by lowering just ...

government had announced rs 48,239 crore capital infusion into 12 public sector banks in this fiscal to help them maintain ...

several public banks are now focusing on agriculture infrastructure credit, like warehouses and cold storages, while the growth ...

deutsche bank resisted for years reducing the value of those bonds and related derivatives on its books to a level that markets ...

with two major cases at the final stage of resolution, the finance ministry expects bad loan recoveries to touch rs 1.80 lakh ...

in the past year, the us lender has had to team up with local asset reconstruction companies to purchase loans made to firms ...

the bank s management, on its part, is confident about softening of bad loan or npa with the recovery of rs 34,000 crore from ...

on february 14, the private lender had disclosed that the rar had not found any divergence in asset classification and ...

signalling an end to the liquidity crisis that nbfcs have been facing since last september, corporate bond issuances by them ...

digital security concerns have assumed greater importance amid the modi government s efforts to steer india towards a less-cash, ...

the warning comes after the regulator received several whistle-blower complaints in the past two months against more than one of ...

between april and november 2108, the central bank had net sold $26.51 billion in the spot market against net purchase of $18.017 ...

the liquidity crisis at nbfcs triggered by the bankruptcy of il fs and the supreme court verdict banning use of the aadhaar ...

the regulator for housing-finance firms has allowed an accumulation of illiquid long-term assets with liquid short-term ...

sbi announced only a 0.05% cut in interest rate on home loans of up to rs 30 lakh despite the rbi cutting the repo rate by 0.25% ...

the reserve bank of india assesses compliance by banks with extant prudential norms on income recognition, asset classification ...

city union bank ltd., a small lender based in kumbakonam, has risen more than 27% over the last twelve months, the best ...

international rating agency s p global monday affirmed credit rating of state-run indian overseas bank (iob) at bb and b on ...

the process of amalgamation is going on according to the schedule, the sources said. they added that the other proposal would be ...

the scheme announced by rbi is a one-time scheme wherein a loan tenor and interest rate can be revised without classifying the ...

as the il fs group defaulted on its debt obligations, the nbfc sector earned a bad reputation for itself and also went through a ...

reddy said that by taking recourse to unprecedented practice of interim dividend, the government has compromised on the ...

the yield on the most-traded 2028 sovereign bonds fell just seven basis points, the rupee eked out a gain and the main stocks ...

calls for one-time relief that will allow restructuring of viable companies and not expose them to the threat of insolvency ...

the rate cut will benefit modi s government as it will boost economic growth and lending to small businesses, according to ...

following the recent defaults by entities like the il fs, the regulator irdai thursday said insurance companies will have to ...

the central bank unexpectedly lowered interest rates and, as anticipated, shifted its stance to neutral to boost a slowing ...

banks net non-performing loan (npl) ratios and capital -- two of the four parameters that the rbi tracks as part of the pca ...

a few leading payment providers are actively engaging with the reserve bank of india (rbi) for allowing free flow of data across ...

need for a separate unified regulator arose after the existing regulators expressed concerns that transactions in gift city can ...

state-run punjab national bank, which returned to the black in the december quarter with a modest profit after three successive ...

sms alerts cannot be the basis to determine the liability of a customer, for there would be account holders who may not be in the ...

the healthier private sector lenders will account for up to 60 per cent of the incremental deposit mobilisation, domestic ratings ...

confirming the order, v suresh, counsel for icici bank said that the court dismissed the revision petition and allowed the bank ...

if you say there are job losses where is this growth coming from, kumar said in response to criticism about lack of generation ...

penalty of rs 2 crore has been imposed each on axis bank and uco bank for non-compliance of norms related to payment through ...

next trigger for bonds will come from the central bank s policy decision on thursday, when it is expected to change its stance to ...

the total income for the october-december 2018 quarter was at rs 762.47 crore as against rs 817.57 crore registered a year ago.

bank board s proposal in this regard must receive nod from rbi, shareholders and stock exchanges it is also subject to name ...

its total income decreased to rs 6,329.17 crore during the quarter under review, as against rs 6,589.32 crore in the year-ago ...

various steps taken by govt has helped the banks significantly and as a result 3 banks -- bank of india, bank of maharashtra and ...

a report by cobrapost claimed that dhfl, through layers of 45 shell companies, allegedly siphoned off rs 31,000 crore out of the ...

rbi said that both boi and bom have net npas of less than 6% as per q3 results while obc s net npa has come down as the govt has ...

insurance companies will have to make provisions for their exposure to the crippled infra lender il fs, industry regulator ...

recent bankruptcy proceedings that wrested prominent companies from their owners were a wake up call for india s business ...

a measure of asset quality, fell to 7.75 per cent at the end of december, from 8.54 per cent in the previous quarter and 7.82 per ...

the report has been tabled at the bank s board meeting and a discussion on the findings of the investigation is underway board ...

the implosion of the highly rated lender raised financing costs for everyone who had borrowed short-term funds to invest in ...

it is alleged that during the tenure of chanda kochhar, six loans worth rs 1,875 crore were cleared for videocon group and its ...

provisions and contingencies during the reported quarter stood at rs 1,977.34 cr, as compared to rs 2,673.64 cr in the same ...

indian banks bad debt problem, second in the world only to italy, offer opportunities for a potentially lucrative form of ...

repco micro finance last year submitted a proposal for getting a licence as small finance bank, but the reserve bank of india ...

cbi has named former icici bank md ceo chanda kochhar, her husband deepak kochhar, videocon group promoter venugopal dhoot as ...

the pleas claim that rbi and former governor urjit patel had willfully and deliberately disobeyed sc s judgement asking the ...

recoveries during the quarter surpass slippages provision coverage ratio improves to 64.23% in reporting quarter from 57.83% a ...

the fiscal deficit may touch 3.4 per cent of gross domestic product (gdp) for year ending march 2019, breach the target of 3.3 ...

the companies like swiss ribbons, shivam water treaters, and ganesh prasad pandey, an individual petitioner, had challenged ...

chanda kochhar showed dishonesty by abusing her official position in sanctioning a loan in favour of videocon international ...

the appellate tribunal has directed the ahmedabad bench of nclt to pass an order on the insolvency resolution of essar steel on ...

bank s senior group president says jan 29 board meeting will decide whether an interim ceo will be brought in for the gap between ...

the paper s findings rekindle the debate on the reserve bank of india s autonomy, just as a panel reviews how much funds the ...

according to the report, close to 40 per cent of the gross credit exposure of indian banks is in sectors where water risks are ...

this is the first time the country s biggest bank s exposure has been revealed in the case involving mehul choksi, who is among ...

the rbi will buyback five securities maturing between june 2019 and december 2033 through the purchase, it said and also ...

the institute has proposed a collaborative approach among all the stakeholders in a network while stressing on the need to evolve ...

shares of idbi bank monday fell over 3 per cent on a day when insurance behemoth lic announced completion of 51 per cent stake ...

idbi bank monday said insurance behemoth lic has completed acquisition of 51 per cent controlling stake in the bank, making it ...

the wall street bank said lower inflation projections, and expectations of a slower pace of us policy rate hikes prompted it to ...

a country that needs to sweat every investor rupee and dollar to put its swelling, restive labor force to work will continue to ...

the total outlay for credit requirement projections is an aggregation of the potential linked credit plans prepared by the ...

this follows a wait-and-see approach laid out earlier this month by several other fed policymakers, making clear that a consensus ...

the rbi act was amended in november 2016 to make the goal as maintaining price stability keeping in mind the objective of ...

according to the list of financial creditors as of october 2018, sc lowy primary investments has an exposure of about rs 900 cr ...

over rs 1.21 trillion debt (a part of the rs 4.10 trillion) is likely to emanate from corporates rated aa- and above, a report ...

the counsel representing the rbi sought more time from the court to file the affidavit in reply to the writ petition filed by the ...

in a meeting with rbi governor shaktikanta das, industry chambers suggested measures to ease tight liquidity situation and reduce ...

the estimated cost of the project, being constructed by the maharashtra state road development corporation, is around rs 50,000 ...

the union cabinet, chaired by prime minister narendra modi, also approved an increase in the bank s authorised capital from rs ...

she has been courted as an administration ally by ivanka trump, the president s eldest daughter who is playing a role in the ...

rbi has permitted authorised card payment networks to offer card tokenisation services to consumers requesting it, in an effort ...

a slowdown in the world economy, the trade war and skittish financial markets are forcing policy makers to express fresh caution ...

in the financial year 2017-18, sfbs posted a collective net loss of rs 2,020 crore, against a net profit of rs 140 crore the ...

weaker growth and the possibility of inflation undershooting the 2 per cent lower boundary of the rbi s inflation target range ...

sobti, 68, was selected unanimously by a five-member high profile jury headed by former reserve bank of india deputy governor s s ...

the rupee had a better run in the past fiscal, while it was one of the worst among its emerging market peers this fiscal year, ...

pnbhfl is among the top-five hfcs in india in terms of assets under management, with about a six per cent market share of housing ...

the panel would cover all the factors affecting the sector s performance and what would be the viable solution for its ...

the government of prime minister narendra modi has been pressuring the central bank to ease the curbs on at least some of the ...

chandra shekhar ghosh has been a cautious businessman all through his career, but the acquisition of gruh finance appears out of ...

experts said this was likely to attract huge quantities of gold over the coming months. some claimed this was a move to bring out ...

the survey found that consumers in china, india and latin america are more open to banking with technology firms than others, ...

indian mills expect sudden spike in global sugar prices to persist due to drought in brazil, giving india a fair chance to ...

the bank had earlier stated that it had a total exposure of rs 3,000 crore against the il fs group, of which rs 2,000 crore is ...

the mechanism offers an additional layer of security as it masks sensitive card data such as the 16-digit account number, ...

at present, tokenised card transaction facility would be offered through mobile phones or tablets only and will be extended to ...

govt informed rajya sabha that no proposal with regard to change in the rbi s powers with respect to public sector banks was ...

the government and rbi under previous governor urjit patel had been at loggerheads over the rs 9.6 trillion surplus capital with ...

the operation in sbi and private sector banks remained unaffected as other seven unions in the banking sector are not part of the ...

after the merger, hdfc will have about a 15 per cent stake in the bandhan bank, this is more than what rbi s rules permit ...

domestic securitisation market volumes touched all-time high of rs 1.44 trn during the nine months to december 2018, as compared ...

the all india bank employees association and bank employees federation of india has informed the indian banks association of the ...

the pnb had approached the tribunal challenging the adjudicating authority s order allowing the ed to attach the company s ...

following roadshow in december 2018, it may come out with bond issues based on market conditions in january-february 2019 looks ...

the move has been roundly criticized by most analysts, and many fear the culture of forbearance is back and could lead to more ...

banks have requested a relook on its february 12 circular that makes a firm a defaulter as soon as it misses a payment within the ...

bill proposes to ban deposit takers from promoting, operating, issuing advertisements or accepting deposits in any unregulated ...

while psbs met their psl target for agriculture of 18 per cent, private banks and foreign banks failed to meet the targets at ...

a meeting of the committee of directors on esps -- compensation committee -- is scheduled to be held on jan 7 to consider, ...

the government in september last year had announced merger of state-owned vijaya bank and dena bank, with larger peer bank of ...

reserve bank governor shaktikanta das wednesday said he will meet representatives of msmes and non-banking financial companies ...

after the il fs crisis, the rbi feels that the oversight framework related to the financial corporations need to be geared for ...

the aggregate exposure, including non-fund based facilities of banks and nbfcs, to a borrower should not exceed rs 25 crore as on ...

urjit patel resigned after a months-long tussle over policy with the government that raised concerns about the bank s ...

the genesis of differences between the rbi and the government was one-day default norms announced by the central bank on february ...

the primary reasons for spurt in stressed assets include aggressive lending practices, wilful default, loan frauds, corruption in ...

the share of net credit of housing finance companies (hfcs) in the total flow of credit nearly doubled from 6.2 per cent in fy14 ...

the reserve bank monday pitched for greater coordination between financial sector regulators to plug any possible gaps which ...

rbi s latest report suggests that if the nirav modi scam were left out, the quantum of frauds would have risen by just rs 38 bn ...

currently, intaglio printing-based identification marks are present in banknotes of rs 100 and above for helping the visually ...

the reserve bank friday warned that with high bad loans and inadequate provisioning to cover the same, any relaxation in the ...

the government and the rbi under the previous governor urjit patel were at loggerheads on several issues, including over ...

various initiatives taken by the government have yielded results, with the bad loans of public sector banks declining by over rs ...

the 11 public sector banks that are under the prompt corrective action (pca) framework have shown lower growth in gross ...

the number of atms has declined marginally to 2.07 lakh in fy18 from 2.08 lakh in fy17, primarily due to branch rationalisation ...

system-wide gross non-performing assets of banks rose to 11.2 percent or at rs 10.39 trillion in fy18 from 9.3 percent a year ...

the rbi had, in april, imposed several restrictions on city cooperative bank, including limiting the withdrawal by depositors to ...

all banks, except syndicate bank, which are expected to receive capital infusion under rbi s pca are facing certain lending ...

earlier this month, finance minister arun jaitley said the government would put an additional rs 410 billion in psbs over and ...

the central probe agency had filed a criminal case against the firm and its promoters under the pmla after taking cognisance of a ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will capture payment habits of individuals in six cities, including four metropolitan towns. for ...

the bank said the issue price under esps has to be decided by the board and it will be in a way so that the government holding ...

a total of 8,802 frauds have been reported by scheduled commercial banks and public sector banks in 2017-18 as against 7,794 in ...

according to reserve bank of india and securities and exchange board of india rules, it is not mandatory for shareholders to sing ...

according to aibea general secretary c h vekatachalam, the strike is effective across the country and employees are fighting for ...

the nation-wide strike would impact banking services like deposits and withdrawal at branches, cheque clearances and issuance of ...

the unions may go on an indefinite strike and the rtgs system, which is the backbone of financial transactions in the country, ...

a new york times examination of mass shootings since the virginia tech attack in 2007 reveals how credit cards have become a ...

various services offered by the bank, including atm transaction and cash deposits, come at a cost, but the charges have been kept ...

the alternative mechanism (am) headed by finance minister arun jaitley had decided to merge three banks with a view to create a ...

in june this year, the rbi had announced to set up a pcr for india to address information asymmetry, foster access to credit and ...

the bank cut faculty allowances of members at various training establishments to 10% of the basic, from 30% earlier, without ...

the association was concerned that taking away public sector bank status of the idbi could affect the employment conditions of ...

given that the public sector banks alone control 75 per cent of the total business in the country, the public is sure to face ...

while top banks can afford to purchase high-end deception technologies and build strong security operations centres but the ...

rbi s hr department issued a circular stating that the bottom 25% in the grade b to c and d to e won t get a promotion, a ceiling ...

according to sources, the government is considering additional capital infusion of up to rs 300-400 billion in psbs as they have ...

the banks will remain closed on december 22 and 23 on account of fourth saturday and sunday respectively. december 25 will be ...

the lenders who attended the meeting included bank of baroda, bank of maharashtra, allahabad bank, indian overseas bank, indian ...

the issue of parting with a portion of rbi reserves, which as of june stood at rs 9.43 trillion, to the government has been a ...

at 14 per cent of gdp, india s shadow-banking universe is much smaller than the 70 per cent ratio in the people s republic, as ...

new generation private sector idfc bank and non-banking financial company capital first announced completion of their merger ...

yes bank has recommended the name of its board member brahm dutt for the post of chairman to the rbi, according to sources. the ...

the state bank of india (sbi) has been pursuing resolution of non performing assets (npa) and they should decline in the ...

not only were urjit and rajan outsiders, they also hired laterally, bypassing the existing talent, especially in the field of ...

rbi s board last month decided to set up a committee for examining the economic capital framework to determine the appropriate ...

the all india idbi officers association was concerned that taking away public sector status of idbi could affect the employment ...

das and a possible course correction in monetary policy should allow the tailwinds of structural reforms of the past few years to ...

the rbi has often impressed it upon banks that the edpms needs to be up to date as the data is required to monitor how fast ...

opposing the merger of these three banks, nearly one million bank employees and officers will take part in a nation-wide srike on ...

work on the registry is happening in a modular manner and it will take three-five years before every financial transaction is ...

of particular import is the portfolio of the highly sensitive department of banking regulation (dbr) under the charge of n s ...

yes bank added it has finalised its recommendation for the role of a non-executive part-time chairman, which has been vacant ...

the central board of the reserve bank of india (rbi) under new governor shaktikanta das will meet on friday where the directors ...

choksi, who escaped in the first week of january this year after he and his companies cheated the bank of rs 70 billion, has ...

of all people, modi should recognize that no election victory is worth giving up on india s best chance at becoming a ...

progress on the steps taken by governor shaktikanta das predecessor urjit patel to restore financial system integrity will be a ...

fitch said the full implications of patel s resignation will only become clearer once there is some indication of the rbi s ...

surprisingly for a leader elected in a 2014 landslide after touting business-friendly credentials, modi can t seem to hang on to ...

das, 61, a 1980 batch tamil nadu cadre ias officer, who retired as the economic affairs secretary in may 2017 was tuesday ...

the country s largest lender sbi is running pilot projects to disburse agricultural loans digitally and expects to roll out the ...

patel s decision to leave rather than accept the threat to the rbi s autonomy has a certain nobility. but he might have offered a ...

it earned rs 1.55 trillion as interest and rs 97.68 billion as dividend, returning a yield of 7.71% for the year

rbi board member s gurumurthy says patel s exit comes as a shock since the november board meeting was held in such a cordial ...

assocham secretary general uday kumar verma said it was inappropriate to make a comment on the matter, terming it as an issue ...

there was overall growth across all product segments such as health insurance, personal accident and travel, and commercial ...

chief economist maurice obstfeld said international monetary fund does not want politicians manipulating central banks for ...

the new rbi guidelines stipulate that the sanctioned fund-based working capital limits of rs 1.50 bn and above must comprise at ...

there is a need to look beyond numbers like 8 per cent of risk-weighted assets or 9 per cent, says rbi executive director ...

the source said that the central bank s board for financial supervision (bfs) only discussed the banks september quarter results ...

is the future of banking fin tech or tech fin will technology follow banking, or the other way round top bankers discuss at ...

the ncds offer an effective yield of 10.20 per cent per annum for 39-month tenure, 10.42 per cent per annum for 60 months and ...

difficulties in getting funding will halve the non-bank lenders asset growth to around 10 per cent in the second half of the ...

even as five il fs employees continue to remain in captivity of unpaid staff in ethiopia, the local police have taken into ...

fusion microfinance is a rural mfi with a pan-india presence through 500 branches across about 200 under-developed districts in ...

sbi s subsidiary sbifmpl is the fourth-largest asset manager in india and caters to hnis along with domestic and offshore ...

the lender continues to be among the better capitalised psbs, with a common equity tier 1 of 9.05 per cent in the first half of ...

nbfc-mfis held the largest share of the portfolio in micro-credit with total loan outstanding of rs 540.18 bn, or 37% of the ...

banks have been channeling increasing amounts of credit to retail consumers after defaults among corporate borrowers eroded their ...

icici securities has been selected to advise the finance ministry on two merger and acquisition (m a) deals, an official ...

deutsche bank shares traded 1.4% lower on friday morning after a 3.4 decline on thursday. shares are down 48% so far this year

what neither side disputes is that gurumurthy, who joined the central bank s board in august, is now one of the country s most ...

according to the revised norms, loans of original maturity of more than five years can be securitised after receiving the ...

mumbai, 29 november central government-owned bank of maharashtra (bom) is on the mend and deserves to continue operating as a ...

the rbi has so far maintained it doesn t view cash crunch as a systematic issue, which it feels is limited to a few housing ...

remarks come days after nitin gadkari blamed the reserve bank for complicating project finance and asked the central bank to ...

as per the guidelines, the rbi may require an individual bank to adopt more stringent standards to reflect its funding risk ...

last week, the sac approved the proposal for treating the j-k bank limited as a psu, bringing it under the purview of the right ...

some 170 police officers and investigators from the frankfurt prosecutors office were searching six of the bank s premises in ...

the bank has allegedly been charging extra interest, has not paid out insurance premiums, is lifting subsides to recover debt and ...

bank credit growth is up by 14.88 per cent to rs 91.1 trillion, as of november 09, compared to rs 79.3 trillion, one year ago

yes bank wednesday said its board on december 13 will recommend names for new chairman to be approved by the rbi as well as ...

the indian banks association has suggested the use of blockchain to monitor financial transactions of a borrower financed by a ...

according to sources close to kapoor, whose new- three-year term was curtailed by rbi in mid-september, progress has been made ...

sources said rbi governor urjit patel made a presentation about the state of the economy as well about the world economy to the ...

the members, including government nominees, will press for some of the weak banks to be removed from the so-called prompt ...

world bank s investment arm said that the proposed investment would demonstrate ifc s continued support to its financial ...

an amendment in the ibc will clear any ambiguity regar ding the rules on punitive action that can be taken by the regulator after ...

nhb has proposed the rbi to hike this lending limit for the company from 10 times to 12.5-13 times of the net-owned funds, which ...

the hedging reduction would help indian firms borrow funds relatively cheaply as hedging cost added up substantially to the final ...

the il fs group will shortly be launching the asset monetisation process for the sale of many other assets as part of its ongoing ...

a liquidity crunch had hit india s shadow banks in september and october after a major infrastructure funding company defaulted ...

banks, which are aware of the retail car sales trend, are also apprising manufacturers of the critical situation and asking them ...

last week, the rbi in its central board meeting decided the issue of banks under pca will be examined by board for financial ...

while cost reduction and recoveries from bad loans was on top of their agenda, the bank also has to grow its loan book for more ...

in a far-reaching decision, the jammu and kashmir bank has been brought under the purview of the right to information (rti) act, ...

rbi has not acceded to the government s demand of altering the risk weights assigned to the micro, small and medium enterprises ...

ccb is a relatively new concept, introduced under the international basel iii norms, which says that during good times, banks ...

the firm is slowly diversifying into other segments relating to real estate business as part of its initiatives to find varied ...

hdfc bank is leveraging its geographical reach, digital offerings, and its complete suite of products in order to reach out to ...

earlier, the finance ministry had asked psbs to collect passport details of all those borrowers who have borrowed loans of more ...

experts say the bank s outlook and governance record has been marred after the resignation of three board members over the last ...

former independent director of yes bank rentala chandrashekar quit the board as he was not happy with the recent developments in ...

rattled by the resignation of three board members, yes bank, india s fourth largest private sector lender has got into the damage ...

pm modi wants to keep india s economy firing as he campaigns for re-election next year. rbi governor urjit patel has other ...

according to moody s, the track record of such dispensations on asset classification, when seen over the last few years in india, ...

amid growing tension between the government and the central bank, the rbi board met monday and discussed issues to boost funding ...

banking system liquidity is in deficit in this holiday-shortened week and will get a hand from the rbi s open market operations, ...

in a nine-hour meeting at the rbi headquarters, the central bank s board decided to constitute an expert committee to examine the ...

mumbai, 19 novembersbi capital ventures (svl), an alternative asset management arm of the state bank of india group, will float ...

a crucial meeting of the rbi s central board was held on monday amid a rift between the central bank and the government over key ...

in a clean-up exercise, private sector lender yes bank is expected to overhaul its board after receiving nod from its promoters, ...

gurumurthy and other government nominees have been vocal about bank supervision, flow of credit to industry and easier financial ...

in the first fortnight of november, nbfcs were able to issue cps worth rs 1.03 trillion as against debt of rs 726.8 billion that ...

govt has made up its mind it will not use a contentious provision of the rbi act to issue directions on its suggestions to the ...

the commission had earlier issued a show cause notice to rbi governor urijit patel for dishonouring a supreme court judgment ...

the officers have also been provided special kits to help their banks extend more credit to msmes, while they have also been ...

patel and his four deputies will present a united front, while a few independent directors too are expected to support the ...

in 1979, a special secretary in the finance ministry called manmohan singh would give a sharp rap on the rbi s knuckles for not ...

the officials also said all these steps have been taken jointly by the government and the regulators after an extensive and ...

the partial credit enhancement (pce)facility by the reserve bank of india s (rbi) for non-bank lenders is unlikely to have the ...

andrew holland, however, said his bullish call was based on the assumption that india does not get a messy coalition government ...

former sbi chairman o p bhatt has resigned from the panel set up by yes bank to find a successor to its md and ceo rana kapoor, ...

global rating agency s p thursday said it s bb long-term and b short-term issuer credit ratings on state-run idbi bank ...

manipulation, exploitation and eventual acquisition of kanak resource management limited has unearthed a raft of shady lending ...

one source said the rbi could agree to tweak restrictions on lending to improve credit flows for smaller companies with a ...

in the regulator s central board meeting, it will ask the rbi to ease provisioning norms for micro, small and medium enterprises ...

the reserve bank tuesday announced it will inject rs 12,000 crore into the system through purchase of government securities on ...

the liquidity crisis at non-bank lenders and higher interest rates seem to have rattled chief financial officers (cfos) of ...

sebi ordered cras to analyse deterioration in the liquidity conditions of an issuer, while monitoring its repayment schedules and ...

the reserve bank of india in december 2018 put boi under the prompt corrective action (pca) framework, allowing it to take ...

jaitley s comments come at a time when both the rbi and the government are witnessing a tense relationship that has spilled out ...

experts say, while larger non-banking entities are covered for their near-term payments, funding for fresh business may be a ...

the reserve bank friday cancelled the certificate of registrations of as many as 31 non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) for ...

indian bank records 66.7% decline in q2 net at rs 1.50 bn, income up 5.23%

rating agency crisil in a statement said there had been some change in market sentiment over the past two weeks with gradual ...

as top 50 non-banking finance companies need rs 95,000 crore to repay debts, of which rs 70,000 crore are commercial papers ...

but this will come as a growth booster for banks, which for long have been ceding credit market share to nbfcs, said dbs ...

the increase in overall pe investment value has been despite the number of deals this year being lower than last year, and the ...

the report said being traditionally more conservative helps in withstanding crisis and early recognition of the problem leads to ...

kolkata, 7 novemberto overcome a liquidity problem in the sector, micro finance institutions (mfis) are coming together to sell a ...

the greatest impact of transformation is expected to be in the areas of payments, mobile wallets and lending in the next three ...

given the way the govt-rbi relationship has developed lately, nobody can be certain there will be no new twists or turns before ...

besides reviewing the single-investor limit, the regulator is mulling whether a liquid scheme is the right place for money meant ...

people in the know say that rating agencies have responded to the regulator, explaining their stance on why they failed to act on ...

hdfc bank has increased deposit rate to 7.25 per cent for fixed deposits of 3-5 years from the earlier 7.1 per cent.

the big chill will come if sbi s $36 bn in advances to small and midsize enterprises are stressed, which may well happen if ...

back then pm jawaharlal nehru, backed fm t t krishnamachari and made it clear that rbi was part of the various activities of the ...

cic has asked patel to explain why a maximum penalty should not be imposed on him for dishonouring the court verdict, which had ...

blockchain can ensure cost-effectiveness, quicker turnaround and also potentially unlock liquidity for businesses, hsbc and ril ...

the public credit registry would be the single point of mandatory reporting for all material events for each loan, ...

sbi has put up 11 non-performing assets (npas) for sale to arcs and financial companies to recover dues of nearly rs 1,019 ...

a decent cash recovery from resolution of essar steel, binani cement, odisha slurry accounts to help the lender reduce its npa ...

chola ms offers a wide range of insurance products across motor and non-motor lines of business through indusind bank s outlets ...

non-food bank credit of schedule commercial banks rose 11.3 per cent to rs 80.25 lakh crore in september 2018 as compared to an ...

swamy said if patel resigned then it would be a direct consequence of finance minister arun jaitley s comments effectively ...

the buzz in bureaucratic circles is that whether through written communication or informal channels, instead of negotiating on ...

acharya has been a strong proponent of cleaning up bad debt on banks books and is an active supporter of the pca framework for ...

accusing the nda government of interfering in the functioning of the reserve bank of india(rbi), cpi(m) general secretary sitaram ...

if il fs is sold in its present form, its toxic culture, which has for three decades involved inflating project values, will ...

idbi bank had said that lic s open offer to purchase shares from the minority shareholders of the state-owned bank will ...

the government has written to the rbi hinting it may invoke section 7 of the reserve bank of india act 1934 - a provision that ...

by end-march 2019, each clc is supposed to achieve a net worth of a billion rupees, failing which there will be a big shakeout in ...

mehul choksi s prime argument was to seek cancellation of the ed s complaint against him under the fugitive economic offenders ...

the bank said the board of directors in its meeting held on september 24 recommended for the amalgamation of dena bank with bank ...

other options include splitting businesses according to verticals and disposing them off to several buyers or injecting liquidity ...

the meeting assumes significance as the fsdc is meeting for the first time after rbi deputy governor viral acharya raised issues ...

instead of taking hard steps to reform psbs, centre continues to pass the buck and makes unwarranted insinuations, say retired ...

the company recorded a strong growth in the affordable segment both in value and volume terms and continues to enjoy comfortable ...

rajnish kumar added that the insolvency and bankruptcy code has come as a very good tool in the hands of the banks and the ...

nbfc-bank credit impact on residential realty market will lead to price corrections, project takeovers and consolidation, say ...

non banking finance company (nbfc) manappuram finance is in the process of reducing its reliance on the gold loan portfolio, by ...

heads of six large public sector banks have assured the government of adequate liquidity in the system even as sectoral concerns ...

viral acharya said governments that invest in central bank independence will enjoy lower costs of borrowing, the love of ...

mutual fund redemptions amounting to rs 2 lakh crore by investors following the il fs crisis will help in supporting other ...

yes bank posted on thursday its first drop in quarterly profit in at least three years, as the provisions for bad loans and ...

if a name does not unify the three, there could be continued clash of identities, which could splinter the brand even before it ...

the board of directors of idfc bank at its meeting wednesday decided to seek approval of the reserve bank of india to rename the ...

net interest income rose 28% to rs 24.17 bn from rs 18.85 billion a year ago other income up 18% to rs 14.73 bn

the ongoing liquidity crisis in nbfcs has rattled realty sector as this could hit fund inflows to developers as well as home ...

paytm payments bank thursday announced the appointment of satish kumar gupta as its managing director and ceo. gupta brings over ...

mumbai, 24 octoberafter non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) tightened liquidity flow to property developers over the past ...

as many as 11 out of 21 banks are under the rbi s watchlist. of these, two banks, dena bank and allahabad bank, are facing ...

the report further said that the deceptive malware in these apps may have stolen thousands of customers account and credit card ...

the agency said the investigation in this aspect is under process as it filed a fresh charge sheet in the case of vadodara-based ...

icici bank in a regulatory filing tuesday said the clean chit given to kochhar in march this year was based on the inquiry report ...

the bank will be taking necessary approvals for allotment of requisite equity shares to the government in due course of time, ...

recognition of stressed assets is largely complete and new non-performing loan formation will moderate in the next 12-18 months, ...

these architects of the global economy pride themselves on being brilliant, aloof and rational. and then they wonder why they re ...

debt-to-equity ratio jumps to 10-year high during fy18 as borrowings account for three-fourth of industry s incremental asset ...

the overarching impact of monetary policy on payment and settlement systems and vice versa provides support for regulation of ...

rbi survey says manufacturers foresee hike in input costs, may raise selling prices crude prices, tightening of financial ...

this comes at a time when the liquidity crunch at nbfcs has compounded worries for the market as investors fear the situation may ...

in a letter to the ministry of corporate affairs, the icai had stated that even the appointment of the chairman of the nfra came ...

two global personnel advisory firms, korn ferry and egon zehnder, will assist the banks board bureau (bbb) to assess people for ...

the private sector lender s appointed committee is targeting to complete the recruitment process latest by mid december 2018, it ...

denmark s largest bank is looking for a new leader after thomas borgen was ousted last month as the group struggles to deal with ...

local data storage would not only allow the rbi to have unfettered access to the data but would also enable it to monitor payment ...

enables money transfer between wallets in first phase, with banks in second and through cards in third 4-5 wallet players ...

crippled il fs group faced tuesday more embarrassments after india ratings downgraded its various mutual fund schemes and ...

the analysis focussed on the modus operandi, amount involved, type of lending loopholes that facilitated perpetration of the ...

while npa ageing and mark-to-market losses will keep provisioning elevated, high funding cost and slower credit growth will ...

net profit was rs 2.66 billion ($36.08 million) in the quarter ended september 30, compared with rs 2.64 billion a year earlier

facing enquiry over the charges of nepotism and conflict of interest, icici bank s former md and ceo chanda kochhar had quit the ...

in some cases, exposure is as high as 12% of the fund s corpus a few investments are also in aa rated papers that are relatively ...

lender takes a one-time contingent provision hit of rs 2.75 billion against exposure to il fs group without this provision, its ...

the order noted that some of the groups companies are already undergoing the corporate insolvency resolution process of the ...

the trust s dealings were ignored by everyone, perhaps in the hope that the institutions that owned il fs had adequate board ...

pure-play mfis have been a significant contributor to the growth in microfinance lending and have posted double the growth rate ...

the saddest thing about the bali meetings is that italy is seen as one of the greatest risks in the world, tweeted davide ...

without the pca imposition, he said some banks would have incurred even higher losses and required even more of taxpayer money ...

new board initiates austerity measures to rationalise operating and personnel expenses across all group entities and not just the ...

kotak had said the resolution will take some time and the board s focus is to preserve the fair value of the assets and the ...

on september 25, the bank had announced plans to ask the central bank for an extension of kapoor s term as md ceo, which led to ...

the total securitisation portfolio of nbfcs was rs 836 billion on fiscal 17-18, down from about rs 900 billion in 2016-17, ...

net profit rose to rs 4.88 billion for the quarter ended sept. 30, from rs 3.31 billion a year

the 5 firms constitute for more than 50% of the entire group s revenue and may have diverted funds in projects that were worth rs ...

interest rates have shot up and a cash shortage has worsened after defaults by infrastructure leasing financial services ltd. ...

with over 348 subsidiaries, il fs is said to have funnelled money, raised either from the debt market or banks, to these ...

the training programme will contain thought leadership courses, group exercises, simulations, including role plays and situation ...

according to sbi s internal assessment, there may be an opportunity to buy additional portfolio in range of rs 200 billion to rs ...

meanwhile, il fs trans-portation, a subsidiary of il fs, said that it has also defaulted to interest payments for three tranche ...

the nhb, a principal agency to promote and provide financial support to 97 housing finance institutions, had sanctioned rs 88.35 ...

gireesh babupunjab national bank is well on its target of recovery and loan upgradation for the fiscal year with almost rs 130 ...

fedfina is engaged in providing loans to individual and corporate borrowers, against the security of assets like gold and real ...

also, the off-market transactions undertaken by non-residents in line with fdi guidelines, qualified institutional buyers, ...

officials say while the govt will take to task anyone guilty of bringing the company to this state, it will also ensure that ...

this comes after the tenure of b sriram who was appointed as the chief executive of idbi bank for three months ended in september ...

in the face of rbi s action, the bank had said that it will be seeking an 8-month extension beyond the curtailed down period till ...

the reserve bank friday lambasted non-banking lenders for their excessive reliance on short-term funds, terming it as a myopic ...

kochhar got several awards as a leading banker and business leader in india and made it to several global lists including time ...

lic made a public announcement for the open offer to shareholders, including retailers, as per the sebi s regulations with regard ...

the rise in yields and the rupee would pose a huge challenge for the six-member monetary policy committee scheduled to announce ...

kochhar has been on long leave to facilitate the independent investigation, which is being conducted by former supreme court ...

in a secret memo, the finance ministry said it was concerned that just rs 28 billion of il fs securities owned by mutual funds ...

i would like to specifically highlight the parts of the bill, which, if implemented, urgently can drive the digital payments ...

with the quarter and financial half-year ending, banking system liquidity was strained due to advance tax outflow and goods and ...

the five-shareholder arrangement has not worked for uti thus far. it took more than two years for the amc to appoint a new chief ...

an ousted director said that the nominee directors of the shareholders not only did not endorse the suggestions of raising ...

the lenders, especially public sector banks (psbs) and institutions with exposure (loans and debt) worth rs 570 billion, to ...

the deepening crisis in the non-baking finance companies space may help commercial banks re-emerge as a primary source of ...

outstanding dues of big wilful defaulters of punjab national bank reduced marginally to 15,075.07 crore at end-august from rs ...

at $9.2 billion, q3 investments 60% higher than the year-ago period $23.7 bn inflows in the first nine months of 2018 the ...

the dramatic move underscores the government s concern about il fs defaults spreading to other lenders in the world s ...

with the revision, pnb s overnight marginal cost of funds based lending rate (mclr) now stands at 8.2 per cent as against 7.9 per ...

even if financials aren t destabilised in the near-term, the stock may remain under pressure until promoters firm up on stake ...

private sector lender yes bank monday said the bank is fully geared up for the succession plan for the post of its md and ceo and ...

il fs has appointed alvarez marsal to devise a restructuring plan that will be implemented upon approval by the board and ...

on friday, rbi withdrew the general permission given to bandhan bank to open branches and froze the remuneration of its md and ...

nbfcs are facing the heat of a crisis at il fs, which defaulted on repayment of its commercial paper dues, leading to a contagion ...

earlier this month, the lic board had taken decision on the modalities and timeline for increasing stake in idbi bank to 51 per ...

the action was taken because of the bank s failure to bring down the non-operative financial holding company s shareholding to 40 ...

the yes bank md ceo said in a series of tweets that he remained fully committed to the interests of the bank and its ...

better capitalised and more conservatively run finance firms are likely to swallow up an increasing number of smaller rivals, the ...

indian credit rating industry has come under scrutiny after the firms that assessed il fs, including the local partners of ...

these allegations come at a time when kapoor s tenure has been cut short by the rbi and all eyes are trained on finding his ...

the reserve bank of india allowed banks to dip further into statutory liquidity reserves to help them meet their liquidity ...

a fall in economic growth would be a blow to prime minister narendra modi and the ruling bharatiya janata party, which is already ...

a steady decline in 10-year government bond yields beginning the second half of 2014 led to a sharp decline in borrowings costs ...

the largest lender state bank of india wednesday said it has not received any concrete proposal for additional funds so far ...

the action comes a day after another international rating agency moody s affirmed ratings of bank of baroda, and kept outlook on ...

many of the remaining 11 contenders are also in a precarious position indian bank appears to be the only one to have the ...

the closure of the transaction was underway, subject to the fulfilment of all conditions precedent specified in the ...

finance minister arun jaitley held the annual performance review meeting of psbs on tuesday and discussed wide-ranging issues, ...

jaitley said the financial inclusion index would create an element of competition among states with each of them vying for ...

financial services secretary rajeev kumar said banks expect to recover rs 1.8 trn through ibc and other routes during the current ...

rbi could also consider buying more bonds from the open market and open a special window for mutual funds to inject liquidity, ...

the meeting will review annual financial performance of public sector banks, credit offtake in the economy, priority sector ...

il fs and its subsidiaries have defaulted on repayment to lenders in the current month and the group is facing severe liquidity ...

assuring lending support to non-banking financial companies, sbi chairman rajnish kumar sunday said there was no concern on ...

according to state bank of india group economist soumyakanti ghosh, the rbi can potentially pump in at least an additional $25 ...

shanti lal jain and vikramaditya singh khichi have been appointed as executive directors in the bank of baroda initially for a ...

detection does not lead to punitive outcomes so that investment in detective vigilance does not guarantee the desired reduction ...

moody s said yes bank will continue to outpace the industry in loan book growth, but added that while the capital buffers are ...

the recent announcement by the government to go in for an amalgamation of three public sector banks raises several ...

the move to appoint five deputy managing directors from sbi is being seen as the government s effort to tap into the talent from ...

the bank and kochhar have been maintaining there had been no regulatory violations on their part and that she was not aware of ...

crisil ratings in its report said the success of the three-way merger will be crucial as it will pave the revival path for other ...

a sliver of hope is if the rbi were to buy the plea that the inter-charge should not be looked at as a floor for customer-facing ...

shareholders also voted to clear the issuance of over 310 million shares to the government as part of recapitalisation of pnb by ...

interested bidders are required to submit their expression of interest on e-bidding for these accounts which is slated to be held ...

the rating agency, however, expects that the merged entity will require capital support from the government, otherwise, such a ...

the merger seems to be grossly negative for vijaya bank and bank of baroda in the short term, as the negative net worth of dena ...

the rating agency has kept a stable outlook for private banks and two psbs - sbi and bank of baroda. the outlook for the rest of ...

the state bank of india (sbi) has announced prashant kumar as the chief financial officer (cfo).a science graduate and a law ...

according to sources, no rbi representative turned up for the first and second meeting of the panel held on august 31 and ...

in february, rbi, through a circular, subsumed all internal debt resolution mechanisms that were available to banks, and directed ...

the bank has been adopting this method after a supreme court appointed amicus curiae recommended closure of proceedings in all ...

mallya left the country on march 2, 2016 while 13 banks moved the apex court four days later seeking its intervention to prevent ...

punjab national bank has put nearly two dozen non-performing accounts (npas) on sale to recover over rs 1,320 crore. the bank s ...

according to the rbi s february 12 circular, all resolution plans with a rating of rp4 are considered to have a moderate degree ...

the spike in borrowing could be explained by the possibility of liquidity turning tight ahead of advance tax outflow, which has ...

keeping in view the uncertainty and higher costs of the fund, the bank has decided not to go ahead with the plan for the time ...

firms availing loans needn t submit several other financial statements, bank says move will reduce paper work, cut lead time ...

hdfc standard life saturday said its board will meet on september 12 to consider appointment of new md ceo of the company after ...

data from the rbi reveals that massive amounts have been given to people in the name of agricultural loans even during the upa ...

according to its 12-page document, reviewed by business standard, there are 80 different charges and restrictions for accounts ...

as per the sebi s takeover code, an acquisition of more than 25 per cent in a listed entity is termed as control and requires an ...

the all india idbi officers association has also sought withdrawal of the approval given by the insurance regulatory and ...

the mass casual leave programme was likely to have paralysed operations of the central bank and other major lenders across the ...

the power sector loans are facing a slew of problems due to a changes in non-performing assets recognition after the february 12 ...

bank deposits fell 719.00 billion rupees to 115.11 trillion rupees in the two weeks to aug. 17

the ministry said banks will remain open during the week, observing holidays only on sunday, september 2, and second saturday, ...

chanda kochhar is currently under investigation for charges of conflict of interest over a loan given to the videocon group, ...

private sector lender yes bank today said it has received rbi s approval for continuance of rana kapoor as md and ceo of the bank ...

kochhar, the ceo and md of icici bank, had been sent on leave after the bank appointed former supreme court judge b n srikrishna ...

the rapid-fire sales were described as part of a plan in which modi and associates fraudulently borrowed approximately $4 ...

in a meeting this month, finance ministry officials also asked the reserve bank of india to suggest a time frame for the ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) is unlikely to offer any premium for shares of idbi bank, say sources.the bank s board ...

the rating agency cautioned that gnpa and nnpa may be higher at 12.2 per cent and 5.6 per cent, respectively, in absence of ...

asl has also applied for membership to the ncdex to make available to its customers commodity futures currently active on this ...

the order will be a negative for large power generation projects belong to companies like jaiprakash associates, lanco, gmr, ksk ...

the panel, which includes ex-pm manmohan singh as a member, wanted to know the reasons of ever-greening of stressed accounts ...

the banks are the nominated agencies for import of gold. there are very few banks active in their role as the nominated agencies ...

liabilities of big willful defaulters of scam-hit punjab national bank (pnb) fell by 1.8 per cent to rs 15,175 crore by july-end ...

emv chip card protects against counterfeit (skimming) card fraud. emv chip card and pin protects against both counterfeit ...

various options that bandhan bank was looking at to meet the shareholding norms, are merging the three entities - bandhan ...

kochhar, md ceo of icici bank, is currently under scrutiny for her role in extending loans to the videocon group, a conflicted ...

the bank has partnered with fintech companies for various b2c solutions ranging from wallets, payment gateways, digital lending, ...

good days for many indian companies in the offshore loan market may soon be over, just as local lenders struggling with mountains ...

the state level bankers committee, kerala, at its emergency meet on tuesday also decided to announce a moratorium on education ...

chanda kochhar is also a director for icici lombard general insurance, icici prudential life insurance company and icici ...

according to financial ministry data, the sbi collected rs 24.34 billion for the financial year 2017 in penalty on ...

usha ananthasubramanian was the md ceo of pnb before moving to allahabad bank, from where she was dismissed as md ceo on aug ...

on july 2, the interpol had issued a red corner notice (rcn) against nirav modi under money laundering charges levelled by the ...

the aim is to conclude the sale before the end of september to get the benefit of reduction in npas and better recoveries in the ...

persistent efforts of recovery from a variety of loans - large-size, medium-size and small enterprises, retail and farm sector - ...

rbi s licensing norms require a bank to bring down promoter holding to 40 % within 3 years of operation - which, for bandhan ...

tightening of the disclosure norms is aimed at helping banks recognise their stressed assets as non-performing more uniformly and ...

the indian banking industry went in shudders on tuesday after the cosmos bank admitted that it fell victim to an international ...

most investors remain worried over absolute returns, owing to rising interest rates, crude oil prices and upcoming elections, ...

state-owned allahabad bank today said usha ananthasubramanian no longer heads the bank following the finance ministry directive ...

the unidentified hackers had executed money transfers on two separate occasions -august 11 and august 13- which raises the ...

the total income of the bank for the quarter under review also declined to rs 64.02 billion, as against rs 67.03 billion a year ...

net npa ratio, however, improved to 7.32 per cent (rs 104.1 billion) as against 8.96 per cent (rs 128.68 billion)

ananthasubramanian was md and ceo of pnb between august 2015 and may 2017 and served as ed at the bank between july 2013 and ...

the bank s provision coverage ratio improved for the june quarter to 56.49 per cent, from 51.13 per cent in the same period last ...

the provisions for bad loans were raised substantially to rs 20.38 billion for the june quarter of fy 19 from rs 12.04 billion a ...

the bank said its board of directors places on record its appreciation for the contribution made by sukthankar in his long ...

lapl is a coal-fired power subsidiary of debt-laden infra firm lanco infratech, which itself is currently undergoing insolvency ...

gross bad loans as a percentage of total loans stood at 10.69 per cent from 10.91 per cent in the previous quarter and 9.97 per ...

india is trying to bring back choksi from antigua under the provision of a law of the island nation which provides for ...

hdfc bank has more than 35 million credit and debit cards issued in india, while paypal is available in more than 200 markets ...

net npas fell to 3.79 per cent (rs 59.98 billion) from 4.05 per cent (rs 52.38 billion)

modi on august 21 will launch india post payments bank (ippb) with 650 branches across the country, which will pave way for the ...

as a result of higher recovery, the bank s net npa declined to 10.58% in q1 from 11.24% in the previous quarter and gross npa ...

the committee stated that rbi should have engaged more in consultations with stakeholders on the matter before resorting to ...

at least five central banks, across the emerging and the developed markets, have announced their monetary policies over the last ...

the antiguan authorities found two instances of sebi action against choksi s firms in 2014 and 2017 and sought more information ...

housing development and finance corp (hdfc) on thursday announced increasing its lending rates by 0.20 percentage points, a day ...

total gross npa ratio for private banks during the quarter stood at 4.5 per cent, against 4.06 per cent in the april-june 2017 ...

ifc, a member of the world bank group, has announced investment of rs 1.6 billion ($25 million) in mahindra rural housing finance ...

as a consequence of migrating to the ind-as accounting standards, the net-worth of the company has risen by rs 2.4 bn to rs 28.6 ...

there is no principal repayment liability for initial three years and after that, the repayment would be done in 14 equal ...

the private sector banks with the most asset quality trouble, icici bank and axis bank, said that this quarter s slippages were ...

the bank said it was trying to sell non-core assets and in the second quarter would see better realisation of assets through sale ...

hdfc bank is an investor favourite at a time when india s banking sector has been plagued by a record $150 billion in ...

banks categorised an increasing proportion of weak loans as npls due to more stringent requirements by the reserve bank and ...

india witnessed just 3.5 per cent average growth in the iip in five years from 2012-13 to 2017-18 against average 6.3 per cent in ...

in the june quarter, axis bank saw a 74 per cent fall in incremental bad loans to rs 43.37 billion, compared with the march ...

its loan book grew by 18.5 per cent at rs 3.71 trillion at end of june 2018 as against rs 3.13 trillion a year ago

gross non-performing loans as a percentage of total loans fell to 6.52 per cent at end-june, compared with 6.77 per cent three ...

income of the central bank of india fell to rs 59.04 billion in first quarter of 2018-19 from rs 68.70 billion in the same period ...

the company is planning to raise $500 million for the unit, a model to be used to equip shopkeepers with technology, logistics ...

the sec queries to senior icici officials included a request for information on the bank s accounting practices during five years ...

employees of idbi across the country are planning to go on a strike on august 30, 2018 to put pressure on the government not to ...

post the recent incidents, banks and other financial institutions have become stringent and are insisting on a much higher ...

rbi has informed that the total amount of notes in circulation as on july 18, 2018 was rs 19.28 trillion as compared to rs 17.74 ...

reliance nippon life insurance company today said its total premium grew by 8 per cent to rs 755 crore in april-june quarter ...

the new note in the mahatma gandhi (new) series has a base color of lavender, unlike the current rs 100 denomination note which ...

total income up 15% yoy to rs 99 bn gross npa at 1.93% for the quarter, against 2.24% a year ago and 1.95% in the immediately ...

kochi recorded the highest sequential rise in the hpi at 11.2%, while kolkata recorded a minimal rise of 0.5% in the hpi, for the ...

the public issue of secured redeemable non-convertible debentures will offer an interest rate of 9.45 per cent per annum for ...

bankers will have to start making effort to resolve the assets before going to nclt. if we start referring every issue to nclt, ...

the bank s shares were trading at rs 580.25 apiece on bse at around 1.15 pm, up 3.25 per cent

the bank charged rs 320 million as penalty in the first quarter of fy18, rs 290 million in the second, rs 370 million in the ...

buyers didn t go-ahead with the deal as at valuation of rs 35 billion, idfc was looking for an earnings multiple of 65 times its ...

the independent audit committee investigating the alleged irregularities in 31 npa accounts of icici bank has hired a law firm ...

in may this year, the finance ministry had begun the process of ascertaining the amount of capital to be infused into psbs this ...

more players in the bfsi segment are set to deploy ai-based fraud detection and prevention tools and chatbots voicebots for ...

due to successive capital infusion in the npa-ridden psbs, the government holding in them has increased and the public float ...

the 124-year-old pnb is trying to regain its financial health and credibility following the uncovering of a $2 billion fraud this ...

prior to hsbc, malhotra worked at rothschild india, where he advised on the idea-vodafone merger, restructuring and capital ...

in june, the reserve bank of india raised rates for the first time since 2014 and revised its inflation forecast for the fiscal ...

in its digital transformation initiatives, fgii launched in-house motor claim settlement platform i-moss in 2016 that ensures ...

though the number of urban branches has been falling and that of rural, rising, it is the latter that is struggling to cope with ...

insurance regulator irdai has already given its approval to lic for the stake purchase, a move which will help the debt-ridden ...

axis bank today said it has shortlisted three candidates to succeed the md ceo shikha sharma, whose term is due to expire in ...

the financial institution that became a bank has a history that would have made it awkward for the government to sell stake to a ...

during 2017, the cbi had registered 939 regular cases and as many as 9,383 cases were pending in various courts at the end of the ...

out of 21 public sector banks, 13 have already taken the approval of their boards or shareholders for raising capital through the ...

there are several small banks that don t have proper means to appraise loan proposals, in such cases, a central agency to look at ...

as per npci data, the number of transactions through imps crossed 100 million mark in march 2018 and touched a high of 120.4 ...

the rbi s june 29 circular said it would take punitive action against auditors, mainly in case of divergence in provisioning ...

successful resolution of bad loans currently under the nclt and govt s plan to infuse an additional $11 bn as capital in fy19 ...

this special case is a fallout of the financial scam that rocked the economy of the nation in the era of harshad s mehta, the ...

v v agnihotri and p k shrivastava, retired gm and dgm respectively, had allegedly granted undue favours to dpil in granting ...

the meeting called by indian banks association was also attended by finance minister piyush goyal, who had accepted the report of ...

cryptocurrency trade in rupees will stop from midnight, while exchanges or cryptocurrency companies will now be unable to avail ...

the meeting has been organised by indian banks association (iba) and inter creditor agreement would be the framework under which ...

hdfc bank ceo aditya puri said that all the facilities which are available in cities will be made available to people in rural ...

as of march 2018, outstanding unsecured loans stood at around rs 5 trillion, accounting for 26 per cent of retail lending, ...

while the total disbursement of housing loans by psbs as well as hfcs witnessed a deceleration in 2016-17, there was significant ...

pnb s brady house branch in mumbai had fraudulently issued lous for the group of companies belonging to nirav modi since march ...

gross salary of the chief executive came in at rs 48.8 million for the 2017-18 fiscal. additionally, there were 5,40,000 stock ...

in unfortunate eventuality of govt failing to review its stand in the matter, officers, employees of idbi bank will be left with ...

modi has managed to travel across several countries even after information about his passport being revoked was flashed in the ...

the remuneration drawn by puri and bank employees, in terms of ratio, stood at 209 1 meaning he took home 209 times more than the ...

state bank of india (sbi) on monday announced appointment of arijit basu as the managing director.a graduate in economics and a ...

the results of the deal are visible as idbi s stock surged about 12 per cent during friday s trading session with an expected nod ...

the mutual fund house, which manages assets over rs 3 trillion, had made a private placement of shares worth rs 1.5 billion to ...

lic, which holds stakes in several banks, will also need the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) approval to own such a large stake ...

chaturvedi s appointment for three years is effective from sunday or the date of receipt of rbi approval for such appointment, ...

any action taken on an audit firm, including serving a caution notice, will be communicated to the icai, and such communication ...

this will ensure improved turn-around-time, separate pre- and post-sanction responsibility and enable qualitative credit ...

this clarification came following news reports saying that insurance regulator irdai may approve lic s proposal to pick up a ...

the board of irdai, which is meeting on friday, may grant exemption to lic from the rule that bars an insurer from holding more ...

most supporters point to the success of the troubled asset relief program (tarp) in the united states in the aftermath of the ...

as per the banking sector agenda approved at the psb manthan in november last year, public sector banks (psbs) were asked to ...

while delinquency rates for credit cards and home loans rose moderately by 9 basis points and 4 basis points, respectively, loans ...

the cbi had earlier booked bhatt along with others under ipc section 420 (cheating) and relevant sections of prevention of ...

the report found robust growth in all consumption lending products consumer durable loans, credit cards and personal loans - ...

under the current macroeconomic environment, gnpa ratio of scheduled commercial banks may rise to 12.2 per cent of the advances ...

more than 85 per cent of the frauds happened with public sector banks, which significantly exceeded their relative business share ...

while a final decision is yet to emerge on whether lic would be snapping up over 50 per cent stake in idbi bank, official sources ...

the finance ministry official further said being a large country such aberrations do happen but they only help make the system ...

as a step to attain scale and gain efficiencies, the bank merged five associates banks and bharatiya mahila bank (bmb) with ...

lic, the survey finds, is losing out to private players because of the level and quality of innovation in products, customer ...

bom will be in addition to the board of directors (bod), said the rbi s draft guidelines on which it has invited public comments ...

icici bank may face a penalty of up to rs 250 million under the relevant sebi regulations for such lapses, while the fine for ...

the answer, according to the head of treasury and global markets at bank of baroda, goes back to a contrarian bet taken two years ...

psbs are in a worse position, with 14.5 per cent of their loans turning bad at the end of fy18, up from 11.7 per cent the year ...

nirav modi and his uncle mehul choksi, the promoter of gitanjali gems, have allegedly defrauded pnb of over rs 130 bn. the cbi ...

the bank said that based on its investigations before the closure of accounts for the fiscal 2017-18, the claims have not been ...

axis bank, being one of them, has interacted with over 200 start-ups through the bank s innovation lab for fintechs, thought ...

sbi informed its payment partners that it is not going to share any fee with them if the transaction going through its payment ...

the rbi made its stand clear at a stakeholders meeting, called by the ministry to discuss the circular, the implementation of ...

of total scam amount, deposit and loan fraud is to tune of rs 10.83 bn banking and non-financial institutions-related fraud of rs ...

the surge in expenditure is pushing core inflation higher and could keep overall consumer price inflation well above the reserve ...

the department, through a draft notification, suggested that the amount should be returned within 90 days of signing of apas and ...

cbi s probe into the rs 143 billion nirav modi-mehul choksi fraud hinges on the premise that the delhi-based bank did not follow ...

the ideal outcome for investors would no doubt have been for bakhshi to be named ceo. but then, the board has to think about its ...

in addition, he will have to move swiftly to control any damage that may have been caused to the bank s image and investor ...

government s substantial cash infusion of rs 1.53 trn into state-run banks in fy19 would be adequate to cover credit costs ...

as per the separate notices issued by the two bourses, a red flag has been activated in hdfc bank, wonderla holidays, indusind ...

fpis had lobbied with the rbi and finance ministry, as well as the securities and exchange board of india (sebi), that a huge lot ...

the country s reserve position with the imf also increased by $2.3 million to $2.029 billion, the apex bank said.

hsbc s underperformance in the us, where it is a relative minnow in contrast to its strong position in europe and asia, is partly ...

it can be noted that there was a dip in the growth in the first half of the previous fiscal, which was attributed by analysts to ...

n sivasankaran, chief financial officer of canara bank told business standard that the capital raising plan is primarily aimed at ...

according to the imf, india s forex reserve of $430 bn, including forwards position, is good enough for both imports as well as ...

the government in march 2017 had allowed public sector banks to offer stock options to their employees, aimed at retaining ...

many lenders had increased their lending rates prior to the policy review and after that, indicating a broader direction in which ...

patel on tuesday appeared before the panel, whose members include former prime minister manmohan singh, to brief it on mounting ...

supervisory arrangements imposed by hkma ask the branch to maintain a position of net due to its head office, other branches ...

the whole point of having a bad bank is to discover and recover the steady-state economic value of assets that may be currently ...

according to sources, the sec has received complaints from institutional investors in the us to look into the matter related to ...

the development comes after media reports said nirav modi had reached the uk and sought asylum. but the official said the agency ...

the coming years will be very challenging for banks which will have to look beyond the bad loan resolution and address pressing ...

the rbi governor is expected to be questioned on the amount of cash returned post demonetisation, the pnb fraud, and the mounting ...

the country s largest lender sbi will conduct auction of 12 non-performing accounts (npas) later this month to recover dues of ...

according to a finance ministry official, decision in this regard will be taken in the next few months, and the government has ...

hdfc bank, the largest private sector bank in the country in terms of market capitalization, will from june 7 charge an interest ...

banks will have to register more losses on their books in the first three quarters of the financial year due to the regulator s ...

four of the country s 21 state banks have yet to appoint replacements for departed chief executive officers, and another has seen ...

the move follows recommendations by a high-level task force on public credit registry for india, with yeshwant m deosthalee as ...

fca in a notice said it had imposed a penalty of 896,100 on the bank and restricted it from accepting deposits from new ...

the affordable housing segment will get a boost with rbi today raising the loan limits under priority sector lending (psl), and ...

total retail loans (outstanding) reached rs 31 trillion at the end of march 2018, while bank credit to industry stood at rs 27 ...

australia s banking industry, which thrived during the post-financial crisis years even as bankers elsewhere became symbols of ...

according to information document placed on sbi website, ankit metals and power with an exposure of around rs 6.9 billion, is the ...

decline in bank s core capitalisation was due to sharp spike in bad loans, including $2.2 bn in fraudulent deals reported in feb, ...

state bank of india, icici bank ltd and punjab national bank are among the nation s biggest banks that increased their benchmark ...

the 10-year yields closed at 7.85 per cent on friday. it is a rather sharp move up from the 6.5 per cent level in august, when ...

the united forum of bank unions (ufbu), an umbrella body of nine bank unions, called for a two-day strike that started on ...

net loss of indian overseas bank has widened to rs 36.06 billion during the quarter ended march 31, 2018, as compared to rs 6.46 ...

one of every four people in the 27-37-year age group, the most prolific in using digital banking apps, reported a fraud in the ...

while no charges are levied for maintaining no-frills account or bsbda in a bank, the regular accounts are subject to various ...

while downgrading pnb s rating, moody s investors service said the bank would need 120-130 billion in 2018-19 to meet ...

government-owned idbi bank s net loss widened to rs 56.6 billion in the march quarter, on a sizable rs 107.8 bn provision for bad ...

the idr rating reflects fitch s expectation of a moderate probability of extraordinary state support due to the bank s waning ...

the income tax department had earlier filed a charge sheet against burman before a delhi court in this instance and the trial in ...

in its 12,000-page charge sheet, cbi claims that usha ananthasubramanian and some other senior bank officials were aware about ...

it can be noted that banking regulator reserve bank of india (rbi) has been flagging concerns on retail loans being the panacea ...

big reforms like ibc have been initiated. but the jury is out on whether they would help the domestic banking sector become ...

under the first tranche of recapitalisation, the government infused rs 800 bn through bonds in public sector banks last financial ...

the 12,000-page charge sheet further claimed that a similar fraud was detected in 2016 following which the rbi took up the issue ...

moody s estimates that pnb will require external capital of about rs 120-130 billion in fiscal 2019 to meet the minimum basel iii ...

after the buyout, pnb and other lenders will continue to own 12 per cent in the acquired entity, giving them the opportunity to ...

the bank was asked to provide details of inspection that resulted in detection of the fraud and provide a copy of inspection ...

in the first list of 12 accounts sent to nclt for resolution under insolvency and bankruptcy code (ibc), boi s exposure was rs 83 ...

samit ghosh, md and ceo of ujjivan small finance bank, tells anup roy that affordable housing, micro and small enterprises and ...

the bank has capped the money to be raised from additional tier i (ati) bonds or tier 2 bonds to rs 37 billion within the overall ...

a panic, in fact, is in the stock market, where the shares of these banks have been clobbered this relative tranquility is a ...

the proposed ifc debt facility will enable hdb to expand its individual micro small business loan portfolio in the low-income ...

no more than 1% of pmjdy account holders-3.1 million beneficiaries-use overdraft facilities available to them, and 17% of pmjdy ...

the department of financial services had approached its revenue counterpart to clear the confusion over the levy of gst on some ...

ninad karpe and s ravi, were named in the fir filed by the cbi in connection with a rs 6 bn loan given by the bank to former ...

central bureau of investigation (cbi) found their involvement in the rs 140 billion fraud related to group of companies belonging ...

recently, the rbi not only debarred dena bank from extending fresh credit in view of the deteriorating financial health, but also ...

apart from dena bank, the credit and financial profiles of bank of maharashtra, oriental bank of commerce, allahabad bank and uco ...

the bank s action was necessitated by the february 12 changes that the rbi had brought to the npa resolution framework, which ...

under this scheme, the bank concerned will get psc to the extent of its provision against the bad loans and conserve its capital, ...

the investment will help fedbank financial services limited augment its capital base primarily to support its growing asset ...

the department of financial services (dfs) is planning to write to the department of revenue opposing the move to tax banks for ...

the cost of borrowing for the industry has gone up in the last few months which in nothing but direct risk-and-reward ...

following the rbi s new rules for restructuring of such assets, all banks had to change the status of some of their standard ...

the government transferred ranjan, joint secretary in department of financial services (dfs) to department of personnel and ...

the industry is demanding a new arrangement where international staff posted to britain for less than six months will be able to ...

no more soft pedalling, says apex bank, as it compels lenders to refer bad loans to ibc if account isn t restructured in six ...

indian bank is planning to raise around rs 30 billion capital to support it s growth during 2018-19.the capital would help the ...

the company, which follows january-december financial year, had posted a profit of rs 3.11 billion in the same period a year ago, ...

according to the aibea, in 2016-17, while the gross operating profit of banks was about rs 1,590 billion, the provision for npas ...

diamond merchants nirav modi and his uncle mehul choksi are alleged to have perpetrated the country s biggest banking sector scam ...

the march-quarter profit is the lowest for the bank in the last eight quarters, and a tad lower than rs 10.6 billion estimated by ...

kerala-based south indian bank (sib) is planning to raise around rs 7 billion through qualified institutional placement (qip) to ...

icici bank q4 results come against the backdrop of a series of allegations of impropriety in icici bank s extending loans to some ...

cost-cutting measures by banks, which has led to rationalisation of branches has been one of the key reasons for reduction in the ...

nirav modi fraud-hit punjab national bank (pnb) aims to grow its total business by 10.8 per cent and close the current fiscal ...

the public sector lender has been putting out the names of wilful defaulters and firms since june 2017. within ten months, these ...

a court in coimbatore, tamil nadu has issued an order against icici bank claiming a set of option contracts submitted by a ...

the recruitment drive at the private banking unit, which started in the early 2000s, moved into high gear last year as india s ...

the sharp rise in bad loans is part of a balance sheet clean-up exercise underway in the indian banking system, the agency said ...

in a bid to curb frauds, the bank said it had tightened bank s credit underwriting norms and put in place an off-site monitoring ...

the second largest public sector lender had reported an alleged fraud of over rs 130 billion by diamantaire nirav modi in ...

in february, pnb reported the rs 130 billion fraud committed by the accused diamantaire nirav modi and his uncle mehul choksi -- ...

in 2016, tamil nadu s total fertility rate-the number of children a woman will have in a lifetime-was the lowest among india s ...

axis s ceo sharma will step down at the end of 2018, more than two years before the proposed end of her term, after the regulator ...

total income increased to rs 15.34 bn during the march quarter of 2017-18 from rs 12.22 bn in the same period of the previous ...

the officials whose residences were searched today included amita narayan, r k bansal, s k srinivasan, r s vidyasagar, bharat pal ...

reflecting the hardening of the bond yields since last november, the non-interest income grew by a slower 13 per cent to rs 14.2 ...

interest income stood at rs 30.32 billion for the year, up 26.1 per cent. non-interest income shot up by 71.8 per cent to rs 7.06 ...

asset quality deteriorated because gross npas as a percentage of advances increased to 6.77 per cent in the march quarter from ...

cbi has found major lapses by bank officials while issuing lous to jewellery nirav modi s entities via the foreign branches of ...

the delhi-headquartered bank has been at the receiving end of the over rs 130 billion fraud involving diamond merchants nirav ...

while most banks and their housing finance arms tend to step on each other s toes, icici home finance wants to target profiles ...

the fair trade watchdog examined the parallel behaviour of banks in offering similar savings bank interest rates and levying ...

standard chartered appointed bollywood actor anushka sharma as its brand ambassador to target the increasing young working ...

the broad uncertainty hovering over the financial sector comes just as the economy was showing early signs of recovering from a ...

officials said the examination will also cover the disclosures made at the time of chanda kochhar being appointed as ceo and ...

private sector lender axis bank today said it has started the process to select a new managing director ceo as the incumbent ...

the entire process of financial closure for projects is likely to slow down, a problem for government s ambitious infra ...

an rbi official said the supply of currency was adequate in the states facing a crunch at atms but the logistic issues led to the ...

the number of pos terminals deployed has also stagnated since april 2017 as confirmed by rbi data and industry experts, due to ...

sbi today said people in smaller towns can withdraw up rs 2,000 a day from its pos machines at retail outlets free of charges, a ...

indusind bank s net profit rose 26 per cent for the quarter ending march. it also saw a big divergence with the reserve bank of ...

deputy governor acharya was of the opinion that the central bank should wait for some more time before withdrawing monetary ...

aibea general secretary ch venkatachalam said that even 16 months since the demonetisation, many atms are still not re-calibrated ...

gross bad loans as a percentage of total loans stood at 1.17% at end-march, compared with 1.16% in the previous quarter and 0.93% ...

the words tariff or tariffs appeared 36 times in the 32-page beige book report, compared with 20 references in total from all ...

the confederation of atm industry (catmi) has been in talks with the regulators to raise interchange for the past three to four ...

the fir had alleged that garg infused several billions of his unaccounted money in various companies through several ...

kochhar brothers stepped down from the board of credential finance by 2009. while deepak kochhar started nupower renewables, ...

the report, however clarified, the survey was carried out during november-january and did not take into account the recent ...

the ippb, which is currently running pilot services in raipur and ranchi, needs a go-ahead from rbi for the software used for ...

the bank s new ceo, christian sewing, and retail head frank strauss decided that deutsche bank didn t get a price that justified ...

states like gujarat, uttar pradesh, madhya pradesh, bihar, andhra pradesh, manipur and telangana have so far reported a shortage ...

icici bank approached the bench and informed them of the lender s wish to see that their security interests are protected ...

kotak mahindra bank also, for the first, time has become the second-most valued bank in the country after hdfc bank, which ...

besides kaul, it has booked eeil, the latter s chairman, hem singh bharana, and two chartered accountants (cas), pankaj jain and ...

shares of the kolkata-based bank fell as much as 18 percent before trading down about 8 percent as of 11 10 a.m. in mumbai on ...

rbi directive proved opportune for a lot of traders who used dip in bitcoin and other virtual currency prices to their advantage ...

the controversies linked to chanda kochhar, shikha sharma and others are forcing insurance firms to renegotiate rates for ...

psbs still give 95% of these but much of this is under priority sector lending orders, with high npas the small ones are nimbler ...

strategies have been drawn to ensure that the npas are reduced in a structured manner by taking help of insolvency and bankruptcy ...

kaul, who was the cmd of a kolkata-based bank between 2010 and 2015, allegedly facilitated the accused company in obtaining the ...

the rating agency said icici bank s exposure to the videocon group is in itself not material in the context of its outstanding ...

many private sector banks which are pampered by the government are in crisis, and icici bank and axis bank are the examples, ...

the $2 billion scam became public in january after the cbi registered an fir in the matter, but by that time both the ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) has initiated an enquiry into the controversial rs 32.5-billion loan sanctioned ...

for current financial year, govt plans to borrow rs 2.88 trillion in the first half of 2018-19, out of rs 6.05 trillion planned ...

the recent crisis in the country s banking system has impacted investor sentiments, leading to some slowdown in the investment ...

crisil in a report on wednesday said banks profitability has come under intense pressure as provisioning requirements have been ...

the scam, which reportedly began in 2011, was detected in the third week of january this year, after which the pnb officials ...

a source at icici bank said videocon paid its dues to the bank till december 2017 and might even pay the dues for the march ...

the costly move has caused an industry uproar, leading many existing foreign-owned bank branches to reassess their presence in ...

soon after the fraud was unearthed in february 2018, fitch had warned the pnb -- one of the country s biggest state-run banks -- ...

the axis bank board has accepted her request for a shorter seven-month term (from june 1 to december 31, 2018), subject to the ...

leading public sector lenders state bank of india (sbi) and punjab national bank (pnb) have put their 15 non-performing assets ...

according to the agency officials, rajiv was asked about the role of his singapore-based company avista advisory in the ...

two india-registered companies belonging to rajiv kochhar, brother of icici bank managing director and chief executive chanda ...

advocate sanjay abott, appearing for gitanjali gems, sought direction to quash the ed s move of seizing the firm s moveable ...

cbi is also looking into whether the 80 20 gold scheme introduced during the upa regime has benefitted the firms of nirav modi ...

insurance executives said that they will be ironing out all the compliance, data methodology and reporting, and governance issues ...

of the usd 178 billion loan, the distribution companies have usd 65 billion, generation companies have usd 77 billion, and ...

as against a 20 per cent per annum overall increase in home loans during the past four years, loans to the self- employed segment ...

the payments bank is like any traditional bank operating at a smaller scale. the only difference is that payments banks do not ...

shares of the country s third-largest lender closed at rs 261.9, down rs 16.5, or 5.93% on the bse

cbi has questioned few icici bank officials as part of a preliminary enquiry to find if any quid pro quo was involved in the ...

the move will come as a major reprieve to india s state-run banks, which have been hard hit by trading losses from a spike in ...

personal ties between two people do not always result in criminal acts, dhoot said in an interview aired on marathi television ...

according to a report by property consultant jll, as many as 440,000 residential units remained unsold across key cities at the ...

icici bank is india s fourth most valued bank with a market capitalisation of about rs 1.8 trillion and its shares are also part ...

private sector general insurer icici lombard is upgrading use of forensic methods to detect fraud in claims by companies, in the ...

deepak kochhar, who is chanda kochhar s husband, is an indirect beneficiary of the loan granted to videocon, according to ...

pnb is not shown as a creditor in the bankruptcy documents filed in a court in new york by three companies affiliated with nirav ...

the bank has been accused of nepotism and quid pro quo in extending credit to the videocon group and its associate, nupower ...

jana small finance bank has started with a comfortable capital adequacy ratio (car) of about 35 per cent and loan book of rs 80 ...

the report comes amid a string of banking frauds recently, including the rs 14-billion pnb scam involving billionaire jeweller ...

rbi said it is mandatory for all banks to participate in the special clearing operations and they should keep their inward ...

the decision came after the finance ministry s meeting on tuesday with a few bankers, including those from punjab national bank, ...

in cases, where the concerned person does not have passport, a certificate in the form of declaration that he does not possess ...

the sbi main branches in new delhi, mumbai, chandigarh, bengaluru, gandhinagar, bhopal, jaipur, chennai, lucknow and guwahati ...

besides, on bulk deposits of more than rs 100 million for a tenure of one year to two years, the bank raised the interest rate by ...

rbi last month scrapped numerous loan restructuring programmes including corporate debt restructuring, sustainable structuring of ...

according to the sbi, the account became an npa on april 30, 2014, and was subsequently declared as fraud and reported to the rbi ...

the six-member monetary policy committee (mpc), headed by rbi governor urjit patel, is to meet on april 4 and 5 to decide the ...

the bank has denied disclosing any information regarding minutes of the meeting, total loans sought by nirav modi by citing ...

the tainted lender needs to repay union bank of india rs 10 billion by march 31 if it can t, ubi may be forced to classify it as ...

on protest by farmers across the india, he favoured cash transfers to rural bpl households in times of crop failures via ...

with a loan book of $268 billion, india s retail banking is now ahead of russia, malaysia and mexico but behind china, brazil and ...

move follows rbi s ban on lous with almost zero capital needed for opening a branch in hong kong, indian banks long have been ...

in the last four financial years, the corporate affairs ministry has ordered investigations through sfio into the affairs of 575 ...

the company figured in the list of the biggest tax defaulters released by the income tax department in 2015 with an outstanding ...

online lending marketplaces say their partnerships with credit information companies to offer free credit reports to customers ...

i think we are now coming around more to the view that if you want this problem not to recur in the future, we cannot just throw ...

there have been a few strong bids for some of the biggest stressed assets bhushan steel, bhushan power steel, and electrosteel ...

a new monitoring group will be set up to keep track of whether cash flow from projects is being used to repay bank loans and that ...

reconciliation of swift messages with trade module of the core banking system was not followed and the concurrent auditor did not ...

the company engaged in manufacturing gold jewellery which was marketed under the brand name krizz which were sold through ...

the goldman warning is a blow for the govt, which had hoped that a $32 billion, two-year, bank recapitalisation programme it ...

as part of the participative approach, the bank has created lead the parivartan portal to engage all in the transformation ...

circular makes it mandatory for all upi apps to support transmission of money through vpa, generate qr codes for bharat qr or upi ...

the company s plea was misconceived and premature, the ed said, adding it was presently at the stage of search and seizure as ...

finance ministry officials said the central government was not authorised to examine loan accounts above rs 50 million and hence ...

given the reluctance to part with data and tendency to minimise the risks, those in the segment say banks need to seriously ...

with 600-700 new npa cases getting admitted into nclt every month, demand for resolution professionals is on the rise their ...

the union government said on friday that one-fourth of all foreign branches of public sector banks reported losses last financial ...

pnb reassured its shareholders, customers, partners and employees on the bank s capability and capacity to come out of this ...

mos for finance shiv pratap shukla said gross non-performing assets under the industry-large category for all banks soared to ...

bs reporterhyderabad, 16 march iron and steel and infrastructure sectors contributed to almost 50 percent of andhra bank s gross ...

the attorney general contended that why such petitions should be entertained by the courts unless there was something wrong shown ...

saarc region s largest re-insurer names seasoned lloyd s market practitioner as active underwriter targets 60 40 domestic to ...

the ipo proceeds of rs 40 billion are capital gains the private lender would be booking by divesting around 24 per cent stake in ...

rbi had more power over private sector banks than over psbs and a level playing field should be created in regulating psbs, the ...

the new alleged fraud of around rs 91 million involves officials of a little known company called chandri paper and allied ...

strategists from renaissance capital to newton asset management say emerging markets are so heterogeneous that idiosyncratic ...

sbi on march 13 had substantially reduced charges for non-maintenance of average monthly balance (amb) in savings accounts, which ...

the group has a clean credit history and at no instance has any of its entity defaulted on any bank credit availed by it, ...

rbi chief patel s comments came against the backdrop of punjab national bank being defrauded of around rs 135.4-billion, ...

the problem is that most of these funds have under-performed they have returned less than a fourth of this money, yielding ...

i-t officials have questioned pnb manging director and chief executive sunil mehta and other officials to determine how the lous ...

lending institutions shall formulate a policy with the approval of their board of directors which clearly set out the criteria ...

yields on the 10-year bond rose about 70 basis points in the december quarter, causing nominal losses of at least rs 150 billion ...

the rs 800-billion recapitalisation bonds will have a tenure of 10-15 years and would carry a coupon rate in the range of ...

the rbi said the decision to discontinue the practice of lous and letters of comfort (locs) for trade finance comes into force ...

the charges for non-maintenance of amb for customers in metro and urban centres have been reduced from a maximum of rs 50 per ...

gandhi in his tweet about other law firms was referring to the searches carried out by the cbi at the mumbai offices of cyril ...

accused is named as sandeep poojary, an employee of yalamanchili software export, which provides manpower resources for handling ...

hemant kanoria, chairman and managing director of srei infrastructure finance, tells ishita ayan dutt namrata acharya, there ...

due to non-payment of interest of rs 192.9 mn on bank borrowings, indian bank and union bank of india have reported stc accounts ...

india s banking sector will be saddled with gnpas worth a staggering rs 9.5 trillion by march-end, up from rs 8 trillion in the ...

npas as a percentage of total loans given to women-led shgs in january 2018 dropped to 2.55% from a high of almost 26% before ...

lenders have increased the number of loan-approving staff both fund-based assistance and opening lcs and executing export orders ...

in its ipo filing, bandhan bank has valued itself at about rs 450 billion-higher than any public sector bank, expect state bank ...

3 companies of nirav that were hauled in for mis-declaration of exports of diamonds from their units at surat sez could prove to ...

hdfc bank has a price-to-book multiple of 5.16, making it the most expensive among lenders across the globe with at least $50 ...

gitanjali gems promoter choksi has said it was impossible for him to return to india and join the investigation due to the ...

the minister said that as per information received from the central vigilance commission, the awards were instituted for the ...

in the past few months, the market has seen most major banks raising their retail and bulk deposit rates, as well as their ...

the council had issued the first show-cause notice to both modi and choksi in early february, but has not receive any explanation ...

right, so finance minister arun jaitley said in his budget speech that government does not consider crypto assets as legal. but ...

alarmingly, the extent of the unravelling fraud at pnb could rise beyond the nearly $2-billion mark so far outlined by the ...

the gems and jewellery export promotion council (gjepc) has some suggestions for avoiding a repeat of the punjab national bank ...

passport details will help banks to take timely action and inform the relevant authorities to prevent fraudsters from fleeing the ...

the asset quality problem and tighter reserve bank of india norms around bad loan disclosure would lead to drop in earnings at ...

the officials were in the office for over two hours and are understood to have been asked about their business with firms like ...

icici bank managing director and chief executive chanda kochhar and her axis bank counterpart shikha sharma have been summoned by ...

icici bank is believed to have extended a loan of rs 10 billion and axis bank rs 7 billion last year to mehul choksi s gitanjali ...

nair had signed various applications to avail the lou facility, and he was also a director at 19 other companies of mehul choksi, ...

cbi arrested four officials of nirav modi, mehul choksi s companies. on monday vipul ambani and five others were sent to 14-day ...

the board has approved and declared closure of the qualified institutional placement (qip) issue today, hdfc said in a filing to ...

we have probably allocated more capital recently in india relative to china, said robert petty, a co-founder at the hong ...

rbi said it had carried out a statutory inspection of private sector player axis bank with reference to its financial position as ...

in the three weeks since details of the alleged fraud was disclosed, indian authorities and the media have squarely blamed punjab ...

on the sunny side, fd rate hike is good news for seniors go for short-term deposits, roll over to those with higher rates when ...

in the 2018-19 budget, fm jaitley proposed merging three public sector general insurance companies into one single insurance ...

despite the immediate setback, bankers, however, feel that there will not be a complete freeze so that a genuine businessman s ...

government of india s stake in the indian overseas bank (iob) to increase by 7.49 per cent after it infuses rs 46.94 billion as ...

state bank of india accounts for over 27 per cent of the total amount owed to public sector banks by wilful defaulters as of ...

players say users, especially blue-collar and similar category workers, find rules too strict however, central bank declines ...

the crackdown on the dairy farm project came just weeks after south african president cyril ramaphosa replaced zuma as head of ...

the cost of funds also fell from 6% to 5.42%. however, their nim contracted by 26 bps to 2.45% in dec 17

after the utilisation limit in government bonds reaches 90%, as is the current situation, fpis are not allowed to take position ...

these accounts are not directly related to fraud, however, these could help in investigation so the bank shared the details with ...

much of idbi bank s special status was stripped off a few years ago when govt said the rank of the idbi md and ceo would be same ...

the central bureau of investigation has so far arrested at least 13 people - seven from the bank and six more from modi and ...

it is alleged that lous and lcs worth close to $2 billion were issued to the companies of uncle-nephew duo of choksi and modi ...

the extremely positive environment for investing in indonesian banks or brazilian consumers in 2010, 2011, 2012 -- that s where ...

earlier, the fraud amount was said to be rs 114 billion, but onn tuesday, the bank had informed the stock exchanges that ...

in an announcement on its website, the bank said, effective wednesday, 7- to 45-day deposits will earn an annual interest rate of ...

in 2015, the economic offences wing (eow) of the tamil nadu police had arrested subramanian for allegedly cheating depositors to ...

state owned canara bank today said kolkata based rp infosystems was declared as a fraud account in may 2015 in which it was a ...

the arrested auditor m k sharma was allegedly responsible for auditing the systems and practices of the bank s brady house ...

during the past three years, state-run lenders share in new home loan disbursal has decreased by 10 per cent, while that of ...

the cbi today directed him to contact the embassy of india in a country where he is staying so that his travel to india can be ...

this comes amid cbi s probe into recent complaints of massive frauds in punjab national bank, bank of baroda, oriental bank of ...

signs that trade credit is getting tougher for smaller firms have hurt the rupee, which is among asia s worst performers this ...

ed has obtained the court s nod to issue six letters rogatory, or judicial requests for obtaining information from overseas ...

obc had sanctioned a loan amounting to rs 1.48 billion in 2011 to the company for financing individual joint liability groups, ...

from the so-called ketan parekh (k-10) stocks to unitech and db realty, scam-tainted stocks have fallen by 90 per cent or more ...

sebi had found inadequate controls at hdfc bank to be the prima facie reason for the leakage of financial information through ...

the nostro account refers to an account that a bank holds in a foreign currency in another bank overseas to enable foreign trade ...

as part of its probe in the pnb fraud case, ed will send judicial requests to over a dozen countries for obtaining information ...

all retail branches of sbi in the uk will fall under a new uk-incorporated banking entity instead of their previous status as ...

the countries where the lrs would be sent include belgium, hong kong, switzerland, the united states, the united kingdom, dubai, ...

the institute of chartered accountants of india (icai) has already issued show cause notice to all central statutory auditors of ...

the cii president said financial malfeasance perpetrated by unethical business entities and corrupt officials should not lead to ...

pnb lodged two financial fraud complaints of rs 11400 crore and rs 280 crore against nirav modi, his family members and mehul ...

i want to appeal to those who have been given the task of framing rules and maintaining ethics in financial institutions to ...

the court said the centre could consider steps for effective enforcement of the provisions of the foreign direct investment (fdi) ...

new delhi, 23 februarythe congress party on friday alleged the bank fraud involving jewellers nirav modi and mehul choksi not ...

it has asked the securities and exchange board of india, pnb and federal investigating agencies to share their findings about the ...

pnb has roped in pwc to conduct a probe into the alleged fraud that would help the bank build a case against jewellers nirav modi ...

iba chairman said each bank will have to review their control systems and technology separately, as their problems and loopholes ...

officials said they have put freeze orders on bank accounts containing rs 300 million and shares worth rs 138.6 million of the ...

a $2 billion fraud at the bank that surfaced days after india s largest lender posted a surprise loss has led to sharp declines ...

pnb s chief information security officer has confirmed it was working with the govt to contain the fallout from the release of ...

nirav modi in his letter to the pnb had said that the over-zealousness of the bank to deal with the issue destroyed his jewellery ...

ed searched gitanjali gems showroom of udhampur district of jammu previous week and seized gold jewellery and diamonds worth rs ...

allahabad bank said in a filing that the accounts of rotomac group classified as non-performing assets according to irac norms of ...

according to ed officials, nirav modi, neeshal modi, and mehul choksi are directors or partners in about 100 companies registered ...

the first high-profile arrest in connection with the punjab national bank fraud case took place on tuesday when the cbi arrested ...

rotomac allegedly took loans from 7 banks - bank of baroda, bank of india, bank of maharashtra, indian overseas bank, union bank ...

the panel will be headed by former rbi board member y h malegam, who had also earlier led several rbi committees on important ...

moody s has placed the bank s baseline credit assessment (bca) and adjusted bca of ba3 and the counterparty risk assessment (cra) ...

ambani was arrested along with executive assistant kavita mankikar and senior executive arjun patil in connection with the first ...

the recent fraud in pnb, and it is suspected that its contagion will affect several other indian banks, is a classic example of ...

the rs 114 billion fraud--the biggest in the country s banking history--has raised questions on both internal and external risk ...

private sector lender indusind bank today said it has no direct or indirect credit exposures to nirav modi with regards to the ...

hackers disabled city printer connected to global payments platform swift, preventing bank from receiving messages for three ...

the central error here is that the swift inter-bank communication system is not monitored as carefully as it should be by some ...

in its letter, finance ministry has pointed to sections 35, 35a and 36 of the banking regulation act, 1949, to highlight the ...

your actions have destroyed my brand and the business and have now restricted your ability to recover all the dues, said nirav ...

with the mother of all bank scams showing the authorities in poor light it is imperative for the regulator and banks to put more ...

the fraud involved issue of illegal letters of undertaking and foreign letters of credit favour nirav modi and gitanjali group of ...

it is remarkable that despite losing rs 2.65 trillion in a decade no head of institution has lost his job, leave alone face ...

state-owned banks continued to reel under the multi-billion fraud at punjab national bank (pnb) with nifty psu bank index ...

the department of financial services will soon hold a meeting with the information technology team of all public sector banks ...

i-t sources said while four of these attached assets were in the name of gitanjali gems limited, two were in the name of mehul ...

the ed is also moving to attach at least two dozen immovable properties of modi, choksi and their concerns under the prevention ...

the law enforcement agency has asked for names of officials who were involved in the scam and sought identification of officials ...

uco bank slipped 4.58%, dena bank - 4.43% and oriental bank of commerce - 1.71%

gandhi s statements come in the wake of punjab national bank fraud case, involving businessmen nirav deepak modi and mehul ...

eighteen businessmen and 24 firms who had taken the franchise of modi and choksi s jewellery brand ended up filing criminal ...

the multi-pronged action by the cbi, ed, and others comes five days after pnb admitted to unearthing a fraud of rs 115.15 billion ...

public ownership creates a complicated three-way line of control - ownership and regulation between the government, the regulator ...

while the scam highlights the need for an overhaul of the oversight mechanism of banks and of their internal controls, questions ...

the ed on friday and saturday also conducted raids at 35 and 21 locations across india respectively in connection with the 114 ...

an index mapping the countrys short term financial conditions has plunged over 12 points for the fourth quarter of the current ...

he called upon the reserve bank of india to take a lead and engage with the industry in finding ways to do clean business in the ...

the banking regulator is conducting a supervisory assessment of punjab national bank, while all banks have beefed up their vigil ...

pnb said it had detected the gigantic fraud in one of its mumbai branches, putting the quantum of fraudulent transactions at ...

the pnb fraud pertains to issuance of fake letters of understanding to companies associated with billionaire jeweller nirav modi ...

congress leader singhvi issued statement claiming that his family company has no connections with nirav modi s firms, except that ...

people detained including pnb s former deputy manager gokulnath shetty, bank s single window operator manoj kharat, and hemant ...

the billionaire jeweller to the world s rich and famous was doing well for himself. nirav modi s troubles, however, grew along ...

the ed has sent out letters of request, called letters rogatory , with a clutch of evidence to the concerned enforcement ...

in india, loan frauds typically refer to cases where the borrower intentionally tries to deceive the lending bank and does not ...

npci, however, stays silent on the key issue of two-factor authentication sources, however, claim that whatsapp will play by ...

tax sleuths also pasted attachment notices at immovable properties of modi, his wife ami and his firms located in mumbai, surat, ...

in the last three trading sessions, the company m-cap saw a total erosion of rs 8,731.5 crore. this is more than 6-times of the ...

amid the blame game between punjab national bank and other affected lenders, the elaborate web of deception has left bank ...

he said pnb will settle liabilities towards other banks by march end and no further capital infusion would be needed as these ...

the officials also said the central agency approached the interpol with a request for issuing diffusion notice which was aimed at ...

sebi accords utmost importance to market conduct and integrity. anyone found violating the securities laws will be dealt with ...

the case surfaced as a rule change by rbi in early january forced pnb to tap nirav modi and other importers for more margin ...

officials said the cbi approached the interpol with a request for issuing diffusion notice, which was aimed at locating an ...

pnb executives had opened fraudulent letters of undertakings (lous) without authority on behalf of firms belonging to the nirav ...

financial services secretary rajiv kumar told media persons pnb had sufficient funds to provision for the losses arising out of ...

the search operation came after the agency filed a rs 2.8-billion money laundering case against modi his wife, ami brother ...

pnb chairman and managing director sunil mehta said it has the capability to recover the dues from modi and promised to take ...

while pnb did not name the other lenders, union bank of india, allahabad bank and axis bank are said to have offered credit based ...

the bank has claimed in three complaints to the cbi that so far it has detected 150 lous which were fraudulently issued by its ...

shares of state-owned punjab national bank (pnb) dropped 12 per cent on thursday to rs 128.4. the lender, in the epicenter of a ...

on jan 23, modi, who is believed to be in switzerland, was also present in a group photo of indian ceos with prime minister ...

pnb said it had been defrauded of about rs 114 billion by jeweller nirav modi, his maternal uncle mehul chinubhai choksi, and ...

modi has been relentless in building his brand regardless of banks having a problem of fraudulent and unauthorised transactions ...

data released by the rbi last march revealed that during the first nine-months of 2016-17, 455 cases of fraudulent transactions ...

alteria capital, the venture debt fund floated by hattangdi and his former colleague vinod murali, has roped in a public sector ...

several financial institutions, including sidbi, kotak mahindra life insurance and edelweiss tokio life insurance have also ...

transactions via core banking services have seen a 400 per cent spike in 2017 on increasing use of agent points for financial ...

public sector lender allahabad bank posted a net loss of rs. 12.64 billion for the quarter ended december 31, 2017 as compared to ...

the bank has detected some fraudulent transactions in one of its branches in mumbai for the benefit of a few select account ...

the case poses further questions about the health of india s other banks, that are already grappling with one of the worst ...

though framework is positive for banking sector in long-term, it will take a toll on its profits in near-term as provisioning ...

the least loss is likely to be in case of bhushan steel, for which jsw steel has offered rs 280 bn of cash and equity worth rs 17 ...

asked to provide the details of deadline for finishing the counting of demonetised notes, the rbi said specified bank notes are ...

ippb is also expected to enable more than 17 crore active account-holders of post office savings bank to make interoperable ...

gross bad loans as a percentage of total loans stood at 11.31% at december-end, compared with 11.16% in the previous quarter and ...

the bank reported a rise in gross npas at 10.35% as against 9.83% in the previous quarter ended september.

we expect fintech companies playing a significant role in shaking the earning foundation of big banks, as they are significantly ...

discussions around the health insurance scheme were the major talking point at the round table, considering the scale and ...

one cannot rule out disclosure of more such cases of fraud to relevant authorities in the coming months as banks have been asked ...

the proceeds will be used for funding the bank s ifsc banking unit in gift city (in gujarat) and expand ibu s rapidly growing ...

net revenue for the reporting quarter stood higher at rs 3.55 billion, up by 34.3 per cent versus rs 2.64 billion in december ...

if advances grow more than 7 per cent or 8 per cent, banks may need $14 billion toward additional provisioning even after the ...

a strong us payrolls report on friday raised concerns the federal reserve might hasten to increase interest rates to stem ...

according to the finance bill 2018, this amendment will apply in relation to the assessment year 2001-02 as well as subsequent ...

finance minister arun jaitley on friday said the government is committed to consolidation of banks and privatisation of idbi ...

gross bad loans as a percentage of total loans stood at 7.82% at the end of december, compared with 7.87% at sept. 30 and 7.2% a ...

sbi life said the increase in net premium income was primarily due to increase in retail new business premium and also due to ...

crisil said ratings assigned to basel iii tier i bonds have been reaffirmed for nine psbs and outlook has been retained as ...

t e narasimhanthe government s plan to infuse a rs 46.94 billion into indian overseas bank (iob) would heklp the bank to comply ...

shares of large public sector banks (psbs) fell sharply on thursday after the government s rs 880-billion capital infusion plan ...

when we now talk about stressed loans of more than rs 10 trillion, the 10 years from 2004 to 2014 become important, for this was ...

idbi bank getting the most at rs 106 bn, sbi to get rs 88 bn, rs 92.32 bn for bank of india loans above rs 2.5 bn will undergo ...

the company is likely to sign-up more loan agreements to pay for acquiring government s 51.11 per cent stake in hpcl for rs ...

in the last 3 months of 2017, almost $150 bn was processed in transactions - nearly 10 times more than a year earlier and seven ...

india remains a small player in the g3 bonds market that s dominated by chinese firms, which raised an equivalent of $215 billion ...

il fs transportation networks, part of the il fs group, today said its board has given nod for issuance of masala bonds worth ...

there is discussion within the union government on the idea of raising the foreign direct investment (fdi) limit in private ...

the reserve bank has also virtually told the banks that it would not allow any special dispensation to safeguard their bottom ...

housing finance companies (hfcs) and public sector banks (psbs) experienced a slowdown in housing loan disbursements during ...

the nifty private bank index has rallied 150% in the past five years compared to 78% returns given by the nifty amid a steady ...

the world bank s chief economist said he would recalculate national rankings of business competitiveness going back at least four ...

indian overseas bank officers association (ioboa), the officers trade union in iob, has extended support to the managements ...

private sector lender indusind bank today posted a 24.72 per cent increase in net profit to rs 936.25 crore for the quarter ...

t e narasimhanindian overseas bank (iob s) decision to utilise the share premium money to write off loss is expected to help the ...

as most of public sector banks and some private banks are grappling with bad loans for last many years, it has generated a ...

the base figures are getting revised due to the demonetisation drive and that is where you are seeing the growth, said sbi s p k ...

smaller banks have been more agile in the initial days of the insolvency framework by moving more cases to the national company ...

recently, ubi s board of directors had approved a proposal to issue up to 50 million equity shares in one or more tranches by way ...

nearly half the currency notes circulated by the reserve bank of india (rbi) during the first nine months of 2017-18 were of ...

the process will require an engineer to visit each atm location and recaliberate one of the cassettes to accommodate the rs 200 ...

coinciding with the rollout of goods and services tax (gst) in july 2017, the second quarter of july-september 2017 in the ...

in face of threats of merger and salary cuts, the employees and officers of uco bank have joined hands and launched a new ...

payments banks were created to improve access to formal financial channels or services for small depositors, businesses, ...

banking outlets are emerging as the new bankable model for financial inclusion in odisha. the outlets are gaining currency as the ...

the rural development refinancing agency national bank of agriculture and rural development (nabard s) developmental financial ...

state-owned indian overseas bank (iob) has sold its bhushan steel account with less than 40 per cent write-off (haircut is the ...

earlier in november, the bank had said it will sell stake, either in part or full, in subsidiary firm canara robeco asset ...

the study, by ashish das, showed that some banks like yes bank and indian overseas bank have been imposing penal charges of over ...

bank of baroda to acquire 51% stake in baroda pioneer asset management company and baroda pioneer trustee company from unicredit ...

sbi s capital adequacy ratio (car) was 13.56 per cent at the end of september 2017, with common equity tier-i at 10.24 per cent ...

inquiry reveals lender s leaked earnings closely matched with actual figures regulator asks axis bank to conduct inquiry and ...

kolkata-based national insurance has postponed its initial public offering (ipo) to the next financial year. earlier, the public ...

with the arrival of new players such as amazon pay, google tez and flipkart s phonepe, companies are now changing their business ...

the indian banking sector has been classified under group 5 along with countries such as italy, spain, ireland, the uae and ...

nbfc retail credit grew by nearly 16 per cent year-on-year to rs 6.6 trillion as of september, against 15 per cent in fy17 and 19 ...

earlier in october, union finance minister arun jaitley had announced an unprecedented psu banks recapitalisation programme of rs ...

the rise of self-service technology for partners and consumers drastically reduced the servicing cost for enterprises and ...

the npa was 5.7% in 2014-15, which rose to 7.3% in the following fiscal and further to 7.67% in the last financial year

the committee has also made a case for amending banking laws, including the sbi act, to provide for disclosure of names of loan ...

deeper internet penetration and a digital boost from the government has helped fintech companies find a larger audience across ...

senior bank executives said beside tax related work, banks are also involved in managing assignment like payments for various ...

a final word on the potential of at1 bonds to wreak havoc in the global financial system from a systemic perspective, with many ...

finance minister arun jaitley said the government was very much conscious that the development of infrastructure is crucial to ...

banks might not have realised the exact implication of risky projects under ppp projects, which were getting implemented under ...

under increasing pressure from reserve bank of india to improve its financials, united bank of india has stepped- up efforts ...

the centre did not release around rs 6,500 crore to 13 public sector banks (psbs) in 2016-17 under the indradhanush plan as none ...

cholamandalam investment and finance company ltd has said that it is planning to launch a housing finance company (hfc) and to ...

the income tax department on wednesday released statistics showing that 59,830 individuals with gross total income of over rs 1 ...

yes bank joined hands with leading institutionallender of eu, the european investment bank (eib) to fund $400 million inrenewable ...

banks have been informed by indian banks association that members of all india bank employees association and all india bank ...

major bank unions across the country have upped their opposition to the proposed financial resolution and deposit insurance ...

with instacard, customers can do online transactions on e-commerce websites immediately on receipt of the instacard, the ...

sbi s rajnish kumar says companies deleveraging impeding credit growth icici bank s chanda kochhar says if disintermediation is ...

a notice was issued to the bank advising it to show cause as to why penalty should not be imposed on it for non- compliance ...

longfin is a non-banking fintech company providing structured commodity trade finance, having revenues to the tune of $27.7 mn in ...

according to a source and the deal term sheet, punjab national bank is looking to sell the shares at an indicative price of 168 ...

at a discussion on policy, two former reserve bank of india (rbi) governors were critical of the farm debt waiver announcements ...

typically, such fraudsters make calls or send smses and emails to gullible people promising lotteries and prize money from the ...

activist batra wrote to urjit patel, alleging that sbi was violating its directions on protection of customer s information by ...

in case of incorrect transactions, banks and mobile wallets give some assistance. things get tougher when there is a payment ...

some commentators have suggested that the financial resolution and deposit insurance bill would take depositors money to bail ...

however, weakness in the economic growth, as measured by the gross value added (gva), could be a strong incentive to cut rates, ...

state bank of india has raised its rate on all bulk term deposits by one per cent (100 basis points) from friday. the revision ...

new rates for overnight lending for 1-6 months and 1-3 years reduced by 0.05% each in the range of 7.75-8.5%

oriental insurance, which had seen its solvency ratio go below the mandatory level of 150 per cent, has improved it to 152 per ...

bank of baroda has sanctioned rs 3,700 crore to anchor clients and expect to book loan business of rs 700 crore-rs 800 crore for ...

a total of rs 12,275 crore has been raised through the anchor investor route in 27 ipos this year till now issue size was rs ...

oriental insurance, which had seen its solvency ratio go below the mandatory level of 150%, has improved it to 152% for half year ...

insurance sector regulator is open to allow life insurance corporation of india (lic) to increase its stake beyond the 15 per ...

finance companies in india are expected to see an 18 per compounded annual growth rate (cagr) for the next two and a half years ...

sbi life is a joint venture between top indian lender state bank of india and bnp paribas cardif, and went public last month ...

valuation of the stressed assets facing insolvency proceedings is unlikely to be impacted with the ordinance that debars ...

state bank of india (sbi) is all set to launch india s first comprehensive digital service platform, yono, which stands for you ...

the move came as the regulator has not been happy with the banks reluctance to pass on the rate cuts to borrowers form quite ...

canara bank, as per regulatory filing, has decided to go for monetisation of non-core assets by selling its shares in part or ...

newly-opened small finance bank (sfb) had a rough start, as many of them saw decline in profitability and loss in the second ...

fifty of india s biggest defaulters are facing insolvency proceedings and may be sold off by court-appointed professionals, in a ...

india s govt bonds have slumped since august due to a potential end to monetary easing, concern about rising supply and possible ...

insurance companies stocks are emerging as one of the favorites for domestic mutual fund managers. until last year, the insurance ...

the debit and credit card transactions have jumped to rs 74,090 crore in september this year, up a hefty 84 per cent as ...

given the expertise, focus and core competency of mobile wallet players like paytm and mobikwik, it makes more sense for banks to ...

supreme court bench headed by chief justice dipak misra recently sent notices to concerned authorities asking to frame an ...

small finance banks (sfbs) have lined up firm plans for odisha, a state with huge chunk of areas untouched by banking ...

the more number of families with a minimum rs 10,000 in their accounts, the better a panchayat s chance of being on the positive ...

navi mumbai based suryoday small finance bank plans to open 90 branches in different parts of the country for providing banking ...

named as psb thinkshop, (earlier editions were called gyan sangams), the weekend meet had been organised by the department of ...

because the proportion of customers with two or more loans and availing a third one went up from 34% in q2 of 2015 to an ...

total income on standalone basis increased to rs 65,429.63 crore in july-september 2017 against rs 50,742.9 crore in the same ...

issuing a notification in this regard, rbi said it has been observed that there are occasions when banks discourage senior ...

idbi federal life insurance has appointed global investment bank jpmorgan for the sale of all the stake held by its promoters -- ...

private equity venture capital investments has recorded a new high at $21.8 billion in 2017 till date, surpassing the record of ...

vishwavir ahuja, md ceo of rbl bank, says the problem of non-performing assets (npas) in public banks is so huge that the ...

earlier, customers were levied rs 25 each for rs 2-5 lakh online transaction via rtgs and rs 50 each for such money transfers ...

indian bank has reported a 11.45 per cent growth in net profit during the quarter ended september 30, 2017 at rs 451.54 crore as ...

even though bank s provision for bad loans and contingencies was raised to rs 745 cr for the quarter, the net npas of bad loans ...

small finance banks, which so long have been defying the trend of falling interest rates and offering as high as 9 per cent ...

in recapitalising public sector banks by borrowing from banks themselves rather than from market, the govt is violating the ...

the government is gearing to open 650 branches of india post payments bank (ippb) by april-may next year as it looks to ...

with capital infusion from the government and a turnaround plan in place, idbi bank expects stability to return to its balance ...

rs 2.11-lakh-cr recapitalisation plan includes rs 1.35 lakh cr as bonds, rs 58,000 cr of fresh capital and rs 18,000 cr in govt ...

new delhi, 29 octoberstate-owned banks should expect more government oversight of their operations. it cannot be business as ...

the centre on tuesday unveiled a rs 2.11 lakh crore two-year road map for strengthening npa-hit public sector banks, including ...

according to the global financial services major, stronger growth and inr correlations with equities are supportive of further ...

on october 17, axis bank reported a 24 per cent quarter-on-quarter increase in non-performing loans in the quarter that ended ...

the fiscal deficit target would be difficult to achieve if two-thirds of the planned recapitalization bonds are issued by the ...

the government on october 24 unveiled a rs 2.11-lakh crore two-year road map to strengthen npa-hit public sector banks, which ...

s p global ratings today said the rs 2.11 lakh crore capital infusion into psu banks will help dealing with bloated balance ...

price-to-book value ratio of state-owned banks jumped from 0.9x to 1.15x in a day, while private banks traded lower at 3.42x

the government unveiled a rs 2.11-lakh crore two-year road map to strengthen npa-hit public sector banks, which includes ...

patel said a well-capitalized banking, and in general, financial intermediation, system is a pre-requisite for stable economic ...

the government on october 24 unveiled rs 2.11 lakh crore two-year road map for strengthening npa-hit public sector banks, which ...

latest move will, however, benefit capital-starved psbs as they focus on business growth once their basic need of capital is ...

the scenario analysis assumes about 35-40% of sbi s npas are resolved under various resolution processes in next 2 financial ...

kerala-based catholic syrian bank (csb) hopes to conclude its equity raising exercise by december.t s anantharaman, chairman, ...

the reserve bank today said it has set up a high-level task force on a public credit registry for india with an aim to improve ...

open banking is an emerging service model that allows customers to share access to their financial data with non-bank third ...

for the quarter, casa grew by 32.5%, helping the bank improve its cost-to-income ratio to 48.27% from 51.44%

the reserve bank has directed certain reclassifications in the private sector lender s asset classification and provisioning as ...

the rbi clarification followed media reports quoting a reply to an rti application that suggested rbi hadn t issued any order for ...

customers availing loan amount of rs 8 lakh to rs 11.99 lakh will be offered an interest rate of 13.49% and loan amount of rs 6 ...

with banks earlier indications of their bad-loan situation being under control, the markets were expecting a stable asset ...

gross npas and net npas stood at 5.9% and 3.12% in september quarter against 5.03% and 2.30% in the june quarter respectively

he has also seen a rise in use of working capital limits in some pockets, like textiles and he believes that the full effect of ...

the target is 3.2 per cent of gross domestic product and doesn t look achievable - the government is undershooting its revenue ...

his remarks came amidst an increased speculation over a possible fiscal stimulus which can go above rs 40,000 crore after six ...

the cooperative banking sector, already under stress due to high non-performing assets (npa), is bracing for significant addition ...

total income of the bank in july-september quarter of this fiscal rose by 4.6% to rs 1,565.75 cr from rs 1,496.07 cr a year ago

strike to be held on october 24 and 25 with aibea calling upon all its unions to support the agitation by demonstrating in front ...

earlier, the general perception among bankers and even policy makers at rbi was that the absence of a strong bankruptcy code was ...

the provisioning quantum was arrived at after an account-by-account analysis of the economic value of assets underlying large ...

rbi has assured of interoperability among mobile wallets,but said all entities would need to have a minimum net worth of rs 5 ...

in the three months to june, sbi s gross npas rose to 9.97% from 7.40% and net npas jumped to 5.97% from 4.36%

consolidation in psu banks may lead to 10-15 lenders that are majority owned by govt, down from the current 21, says principal ...

with eight out of ten small finance banks now fully operational, aggressive deposit mobilization in the first year of operation ...

private lender yes bank plans to raise up to rs 4,000 crore through tier-ii bonds, for better capital adequacy and to support ...

public sector lender dena bank today said it will reduce its marginal cost based lending rates (mclr) by 0.20 percentage point ...

inflation numbers, while still below rbi target of 4% are rising and this is an interesting point in rbi s inflation-targeting ...

the housing finance market in india is fragmented, with 80-plus players. however, two large companies, hdfc and lic, each has ...

lakshmi vilas bank (lvb) is planning to raise fund through rights issue.the bank s has got the board of directors approval today ...

public sector lender idbi bank has hired the boston consulting group (bcg) to accelerate a turnaround programme and improve its ...

the government s proposed fiscal push, a widening current account deficit and shrinking scope of foreign investors to invest in ...

as part of the special drive, 50 camps, including one each in state capitals, will be organised between september 27 and october ...

private banks have been taking the space vacated by capital-short public sector banks (psbs) in the credit market. private banks ...

with high growth in the past two financial years, canara hsbc oriental life insurance is targeting 40-50 per cent increase in ...

sbi life insurance company has raised rs 2,226 crore ($346 million) from anchor investors, the latter including canada pension ...

are banks getting boxed in after introduction of the bankruptcy code the signs are pointing that way. not only are they looking ...

backed by a healthy growth in sectors like motor and health insurance, investments of non-life insurance companies rose by around ...

gross advances by banks in gujarat stood at rs 4,77,480 crore in the quarter ended june, up from rs 4,60,030 crore in the march ...

as many as 22,949 cases of fraud in both public and private banks came to light in the last five fiscals involving over rs 69,769 ...

sbi life insurance company ltd, a joint venture between the state bank of india (sbi) and bnp paribas cardif s a, is eyeing 35-40 ...

catholic syrian bank (csb) board has given permission to raise capital by way of qib allocating upto 40 million shares to the ...

public sector lender jammu and kashmir bank (j-k) has lowered interest rate on its savings bank accounts by 0.50 per cent to 3.50 ...

bs reporterhyderabad, 9 september micro finance company bharat financial inclusion limited(bfil), formerly known as sks ...

four public sector lenders, including indian bank and vijaya bank, today cut their benchmark lending rates by up to 0.45 per ...

with salary cuts not being a part of turnaround plan, kolkata-based uco bank has embarked upon a cost-cutting plan that involves ...

after taking away some of the big investments in manufacturing, especially automobile and textiles, from tamil nadu, andhra ...

former united bank of india (ubi s) executive director k v rama moorthy taken over as managing director and chief executive ...

---drop the pointers---the ongoing ninth summit in china of the brics (brazil, russia, india, china, south africa) grouoping has ...

kerala-based catholic syrian bank has chalked plans to put the bank to a path of consistent growth and sustainable success, ...

with already 26 full service branches up and running in states like gujarat, tamil nadu, karnataka and andhra pradesh, the new ...

bs reporterhyderabad, 1 september reserve bank of india deputy governor b p kanungo on friday said fintech companies need to ...

demonetisation reduced the currency in circulation by 2.1%, but deposits rose from 4.8% to 7.3%

the reduction in interest rates on savings deposits is an opportunity for mutual funds (mfs) to popularise their low-risk debt ...

the tirumala tirupati devasthanams (ttd), which manages one of the world s richest temple at tirupathi, has deposited 2780 kgs of ...

several thousands of chevrolet car owners in india will soon find themselves stuck running for insurance cover of their vehicle. ...

realizing the need for providing cushion to individuals and corporates from virus and malware attacks on digital platforms, sbi ...

hdfc bank cut its interest rate by 50 basis points (half a per cent) to 3.5 per cent on savings bank deposits for balances up to ...

srei equipment finance (sef), wholly-owned subsidiary of srei infrastructure finance, plans an initial public offer (ipo) of ...

in a sign that banks are perhaps getting more comfort from the stickiness of their deposits after demonetisation, the incremental ...

national payments corporation of india (npci) said it has named its chief operating officer dilip abse as the ceo-in-charge by ...

volume in mobile banking for all banks in april, may, june stood at 106.27 mn, 114.26 mn, 115.73 mn

net loss of indian overseas bank for the quarter ended june 30, 2017 has narrowed to rs 499.09 crore as compared to rs 1450.50 ...

city union bank (cub) has reported a net profit of rs 140.32 crore during the quarter ended june 30, 2017 as compared to rs ...

at a time when many large banks are putting brakes to growing corporate lending, due to capital constraint and exposure limits, ...

t e narasimhanaround 10 lakh bank employees and officers to go on strike on august 22. the strike was called y united forum of ...

bs reporterhyderabad, 4 august andhra bank has reported a 30 percent increase in net profit at rs 40.32 crore for the quarter ...

avendusfinance, the credit solutions arm of avendus capital, today announced thelaunch of its category ii structured credit fund. ...

with a majority of small finance banks already operational, a challenging start has already forced a number of them to tweak ...

capital market regulator sebi on friday made it compulsory for listed companies to make a disclosure to stock exchanges if they ...

after raising over $33 million from bajaj finance limited, the lending and investment arm of bajaj finserv group, online mobile ...

psu banks will need at least rs 1.9 lakh crore additional capital by march 2019 as the lack of it will restrict their ability to ...

the comptroller and auditor general of india (cag) has slammed the managements and statutory auditors of 12 public sector banks ...

national payments corporation of india has received final authorization from reserve bank of india to function as the bharat bill ...

already facing a steep rise in the gross non-performing assets (npa) during the first quarter of the current fiscal year at 0.82 ...

kerala-based federal bank ltd today said that it is not planning to exit from the idbi federal life insurance, a joint venture ...

the federal bank limited has reported a net profit of rs 210.15 crore during the quarter ended june 30, 2017 as against rs 167.31 ...

bs reporterhyderabad, 26 july listed microfinace company bharat financial inclusion limited(bfil) has reported a net loss of rs ...

s. bitcoin, the oldest crypto currency or virtual currency, has along with others recovered in recent days after a sharp fall. ...

a canara bank-led consortium of lenders is scouting for a buyer for a 270 mw power plant in maharashtra which came under ...

indian bank said that it has initiated cases at nclt on seven more accounts worth rs 1,200 crore. in all these accounts, indian ...

indian bank is planning to raise around rs 1200 crore to support its growth plan. the bank is also planning to sell assets worth ...

may fetch over $ one billion for sbi and bnp paribasabhijit lelesbi lifeinsurance co ltd, joint venture between state bank of ...

pune based gstn provider vayana network has received over rs 25.7 crore from idg ventures and jungle ventures in series a ...

finopayments bank will raise upto rs 200 crore in capital from new set of investorsin this financial year to fund the network ...

last week shriram group, which has an aum of around rs 100,000 crore, and idfc have announced they are looking at possible merger ...

building the institutions of market can help the mergers and acquisitions (m as) process to move faster, chairperson of the ...

former reserve bank of india governor c rangarajan says some haircut is inevitable in the process of resolving the big load of ...

the requisite ecosystem for the implementation of the insolvency and bankruptcy code, 2016 (ibc), touted as the second biggest ...

the national payments corporation of india (npci) is looking at increased uptake of its rupay debit cards among premium customers ...

a bigger bench of the high court (hc) here adjourned till the coming monday an appeal of standard chartered bank for quashing of ...

even as west bengal finance minister, amit mitra upped his pitch over india s largest lender, the state bank of india (sbi), to ...

in a relief to the chit fund industry in the country, the supreme court of india has said that the government cannot impose ...

the impending merger between idfc and shriram capital has come under regulatory scanner over handling of price sensitive ...

a week after nomura turned positive of bank of baroda, it is now the turn of punjab national bank (pnb) to enjoy a rating upgrade ...

idfc bank, which concluded first full year of operations in fy2017, said that its vision is to become a mass retail bank in 5 ...

banks are opening up their platforms and data to people with ideas to improve their business in a digitally disruptive ...

stressed banking sector and leveraged corporate balance sheets might block the country s economic growth, says the reserve bank ...

indian overseas bank (iob) has said that around 46 per cent reduction in the net loss during the second half of the current ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) mandate instructing banks to make higher provisions for accounts referred to national company ...

kolkata-based adhunik metaliks, a maker of steel with rs 6,000 crore of loan dues, is planning to file for insolvency, say those ...

the prompt corrective action (pca) plan it was ordered to adopt hasn t yet enabled a turnaround at chennai-based indian overseas ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) decision to ask banks to file for insolvency in the case of 12 major non-performing assets ...

hyderabad, 14 june microfinace company bharat financial inclusion(earlier known as sks microfinance limited) is planning to roll ...

as an rbi-constituted committee identified 12 high-ticket non-performing assets of banks to be resolved under the insolvency and ...

hyderabad, 13 june andhra bank has put up rs 3,871 crore of non performing assets(npas) for sale, involving 113 loan accounts ...

in a first of its kind in the country, odisha space applications centre (orsac), the apex body for space technology applications ...

shares of banks fell up to 4 per cent on monday after the maharashtra government decided to waive off farms loans of small and ...

karur-based private lender karur vysya bank is expecting the business to grow better compared to the previous year during the ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) dovish language on inflation and a clear indication of a willingness to cut rates further, if ...

indian overseas bank (iob), which has a big load of loans gone bad or stressed, says it has finalised a turnaround strategy. r ...

for overnight, mclr to be 8.10%, while for 1- and 3-month maturities it will be 8.15% and 8.20%

mumbai, june 5 icici bank as well as fairfax financial holdings will sell a part of their stake in icici lombard general ...

karur vysya bank is planning to raise around rs 760 crore through rights issue, in order to fund its future growth. the board of ...

chanda kochhar, the head of country s largest private sector lender icici bank, has drawn rs 7.85 crore as total remuneration in ...

visiting the gujarat international finance tec-city (gift city), union minister of state in finance and corporate affairs, ...

moodys-idbi-downgradethe rating actions reflect the significant deterioration in idbi s financial profile, driven by asset ...

the government s plan for infusing capital in ailing public sector lender idbi bank are on, despite the reserve bank (rbi) ...

coding enthusiasts have another hackathon to look forward to with sbi flagging off code for bank ( c4b2017) to drive digital ...

kolkata, 19 mayled by healthy growth in net interest income (nii), state bank of india (sbi) posted a big 122.7 per cent growth ...

kolkata-based united bank of india (ubi) posted a net profit of rs 73.6 crore for the quarter ended march 31, the final one of ...

the stock of capital first fell a little over five per cent on wednesday, reacting to its private equity promoter, warburg ...

kolkata based allahabad bank, which is aggressively targeting to recover non-performing assets (npa) this year besides changing ...

the loan loss provisioning as required by the new indian accounting standards (indas) is expected to have a significant impact on ...

publicsector lender dena bank s net loss widened to rs 575 crore in fourth quarterended march 2017 from rs 326 crore in q4 of ...

bs reporterhyderabad, 9 may despite the earnings estimate cuts for this year, the analyst firms continue to hold their ...

international finance corporation (ifc) is planning to invest around $40 million in aavas financiers limited (afl), formerly ...

on a day when the government vested more power to the reserve bank of india (rbi) in the war against bad debt, the central bank ...

on a day when the government announced the long-awaited measures to resolve the huge bad loans menace of indian banking sector, ...

the union cabinet, led by prime minister narendra modi, on wednesday, has approved a new framework to deal with rs 6 lakh crore ...

to ensure success of its 2017-18 disinvestment target, the government is taking an easier approach towards investment banks ...

quality conscious high net worth individuals are looking for generous health insurance covers that would cover treatments in ...

indiabulls housing finance had a 24.4 per cent increase in net profit to rs 841 crore in the march quarter. net interest income ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) wants public sector banks to create long-term career plans for people in specialised positions. a ...

mumbai (reuters) - boutique investment bank moelis co plans to expand in india where it believes economic growth and corporate ...

hdfc bank, the country s second largest in the private sector in terms of assets, reported an 18.3 per cent rise in both its ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has extended rs 9,241 crore as refinance support to cooperative ...

daiichi sankyo approached the delhi high court on monday to protest against the 80 percent stake sale of religare health ...

mumbai, 14 aprilthe voluntary retirement scheme (vrs) offer for employees of state bank of india s associate banks, now formally ...

anup roy and abhijit lelemumbai, 13 april the reserve bank of india s (rbi) new prompt corrective action (pca) plan for banks, ...

europe-based insurance company ergo has begun scouting for a new partner at its life insurance business in this country. the ...

bank loans worth rs 22,000 crore which were recast under strategic debt restructuring (sdr) in 2015-16 had slipped into the ...

altico capital, a non-banking financial company, wants to raise multiple tranches of money for a real estate private equity fund ...

the gold loan non banking finance company (nbfc) manappuram finance ltd, which has posted an assets under management of rs 14,600 ...

nearly ten banks have signed an mou with bank unions to formalize a turnaround pact. earlier, unions had laid out the condition ...

airtel payments bank said it has opened more than 150,000 savings accounts in odisha since its launch. around a third of such ...

private life insurer birla sun life insurance (bsli) today announced to develop a team of women insurance advisors across ...

icici bank today announced the integration of its retail internet banking with digilocker , an online repository platform for ...

high housing loan interests and reluctance to borrow are dissuading indian buyers who have to dig into savings to own a house, a ...

in the run up to its launch next month, balalji telefilms digital video streaming platform altbalaji has entered partnership ...

jan dhan deposits, which had peaked after demonetization, to around rs 74000 crore at the end of november 2016, are gradually ...

weakening growth in loans or credit, continued stress on asset quality and cuts in lending rates have impacted profitability at ...

chennai-based indian overseas bank (iob), which has been going through tough time due to increasing npas, to get rs 1,100 crore ...

bank unions will meet in kolkata on march 24th to formulate a strategy to counter government s directions to banks seeking ...

even as the government of india, for the first time swapped the top executives of two public sector banks - indian bank and idbi ...

as a board-driven bank, indian bank will have continuity in terms of strategies and medium and long term plan even though there ...

idbi bank today said it has appointed mahesh kumar jain as its new managing director chief executive officer. mahesh kumar ...

after cabinet approval on merger of five associate banks with the state bank of india, the government has decided on merging ...

private sector lender indusind bank has raised rs 1,000 crore by issuing bonds compliant with basel iii standards. the board of ...

the government of india has notified the swaping of idbi bank ltd managing director chief executive officer kishor piraji ...

hdfc bank ltd is offering loan against shares in about two-three minutes by completely digitizing the project. for this, the bank ...

warns about adverse fallout from farm-loan wavier abhijit leleas a step to clean up books state bank of india hasfloated a ...

the insurance regulator is considering asking insurance companies for segmental reporting of balanceheets. this will show the ...

abhijit lelecountry s largest life insurer life insurance corporation of india (lic) will step up sale of non-single premium ...

country s largest lender state bank of india today launched a new facility to enable its employees to work from home. the board ...

exceeding street expectations after demonetisation, five small private banks have again become market favourites. while these ...

impact of demonetisation may be seen on some segments of the economy in the fourth quarter, rbi deputy governor viral v acharya ...

country s largest private sector lender icici bank today said it has raised usd 300 million through a international bond ...

private sector lender icici bank today hit the overseas debt market with a usd 500-million dollar-denominated bond issue and is ...

suryoday small finance bank limited has raised rs 160 crore in the last one week from existing and new investors, including tvs ...

s p global ratings today said profitability of banks will improve in the next fiscal but barring large capital infusion the ...

bitcoin start-ups zebpay, unocoin, coinsecure and searchtrade have jointly launched a digital asset and blockchain foundation of ...

with all the ten small finance banks (sfb) set to be operational over the next two months, local hiring has turned out to be the ...

the non-performing assets (npas) of banks in odisha is recorded at 11.95 per cent as on december 31, 2016 with maximum slippages ...

new india assurance co ltd is targeting its global premium to go up to rs 25,000 crore in 2017-18, anticipating the year could ...

share jumps 9.5% after rbi lifts fii ban, then retreats as it again hits investment ceiling lender pips ril to become ...

while three of the 21 state-run banks--central bank of india, indian overseas bank and united bank of india had negative ...

after the move, its mclr fell to 7.75% from 8.65%, while 3-yr loan rates will now be 8.15%

two persons were arrested by the crime branch of the delhi police for depositing black money worth rs 34 crore at a kotak ...

the fresh round will help firm boost its business in affordable housing finance, vehicle finance, agriculture finance and ...

while the income tax act defines insurer as an indian insurance company, the section dealing with the exemption of maturity ...

government of india has sanctioned a market intervention scheme (mis) for arecanut growers in karnataka. the development will ...

basel iii compliant bonds are issued by banks to raise money to improve and strengthen capital planning to mitigate concerns on ...

the current funding mix for mfis includes bank debt, other borrowings and equity, with bank debt being the largest proportion in ...

paytm on thursday announced the launch ofits new app password feature on its android mobile app that will enable paytm users to ...

in a bid to speed up small value online transactions, the reserve bank of india (rbi) on tuesday relaxed norms for additional ...

through the extensive network of ola cabs present across the state, we are able to bring these mobile atms closer to citizens, ...

while the govt and rbi say there has been some improvement in supply for currency notes in the system, the ground reality is ...

ten out of 12 experts polled say central bank will cut rate to cushion note ban blow others say fed rate hike might make it push ...

the move comes as reliance infrastructure s billionaire owner anil ambani plans to sell stake in the mumbai power business and ...

showing the initial impact of demonitisation, bank credit shrunk by rs 59,000 crore to rs 735 lakh crore in the fortnight ended ...

talking about the demonestisation drive of rs 500 and rs 1,000 bank notes that it would be difficult to gauge how much currency ...

sum of all the exposure values of a bank to a single counter-party must not be higher than 20% of the bank s available eligible ...

it signifies an increase of rs 79,977 crore in npas in 2nd quarter over the first one, says santosh kumar gangwar minister of ...

banks around the globe are gearing up to implement ifrs 9 from january 2018, posing a particular challenge for many islamic ...

the committee will look into laying down the procedure and modus operandi for order of preference for cessions in respect of all ...

gangwar says niti aayog has not moved any proposal to create a bad bank to hold the stresses and non-productive assets and loan ...

brokerage said there will be an impact on consumer goods and discretionary spending for at least 2 quarters, which will impact ...

largest private lender icici bank and hdfc bank cut their deposit rates by up to 0.25 per cent while kolkata-based united bank of ...

chanda kochhar said icici has been the first bank to provide currency notes of rs 2,000, rs 500 and rs 100 simultaneously at its ...

fixed deposit investors, beware. government s decision to replace rs. 500 and rs. 1,000 notes them with new currency notes may ...

renewal premium of policies, where grace period ends between november 9 and 30, can now be paid without penal interest if payment ...

delhi hc asked centre and rbi to file replies on a pil for framing of guidelines to prevent charging of surcharge on transactions ...

public sector bank executives said the fall in addition was small but reflected gradual changes due to a slew of steps to control ...

demonetisation will take a toll on the public distribution system, says p balakrishnan, general secretary, all india cooperative ...

with the conversions, the pmjdy accounts are likely to see a surge in deposits as the small accounts come with limits on deposits ...

overall, around 25 per cent of the deposits in chit funds are in cash. in rural areas, the proportion could be as high as 50 per ...

all india bank employees association (aibea) today asked the iba to provide additional infrastructure like more terminals to be ...

the weekly limit of rs 20,000 for withdrawal from bank accounts has been increased to rs 24,000. the limit of rs 10,000 per day ...

interviews were held in new delhi for the chairman and managing director posts at oriental insurance, united india insurance and ...

lower lending rates have long been seen as a needed boost to india s economy, which grew at a 15-month low in the april-june ...

bank also said it would allow participants to reflect the market value of collateral securities when utilising the central bank s ...

the report defines hnwi as people with a net investable wealth of $1 mn or more, excluding the property that is their main ...

those without adequate cash in lower denominations like rs 50 and rs 100 may have their policy lapsed if the 15-day grace period ...

either the branch manager relaxes norms to let in deposits of above rs 50,000 in high currency notes or eases up on the norms for ...

anticipating panic and rush at bank counters, the reserve bank of india as well as the government has set up control rooms in ...

the loan will help assam enhance capacity and efficiency of its power distribution system and improve electricity service to end ...

for five years tenor, the new rate will be 9.45 per cent (9.55 per cent earlier) for three years and one year tenors it will be ...

provisions for bad loans increased 34.6 per cent to rs 2,533.76 crore from rs 1,882.08 crore in the year-ago period

at present, apart from the 14% service tax, krishi kalyan cess swachh bharat cess are also applicable, taking the total ...

the central provident fund commissioner (cpfc) informed the minister that on prime ministers directions, epfo has issued ...

the fund raising is subject to availability of headroom in one or more tranches, says pnb in a regulatory filing to stock ...

outstanding loans fell 2.12 trillion rupees ($31.68 billion) to 73.62 trillion rupees in the two weeks to oct 14

last date to register application and pay examination fee online is october 31, 2016. last date for receipt of hard copy of ...

speaking at the business standard banking round table, sharma also said credit growth to the corporate sector has been relatively ...

while some of the countrys premier banks are busy blocking debit cards that have been compromised (the numbers run into millions) ...

observing that if people file an rti query, they must know who the defaulters are, the bench asked the reserve bank of india ...

the rbi held a meeting with senior officials from select banks, the national payment corporation of india (npci) and card network ...

the outlook for rupee has improved, amid better domestic macro fundamentals and strong capital flows. global economic challenges ...

frda chairman reiterated that bringing about tax parity between the nps and the epf scheme would provide a boost to the ...

with the essar deal coming, the banks are prioritising the resolution process by focussing on helping in sale of businesses by ...

the security breach happened through a malware in the systems of hitachi payments services, which serves atm network of yes bank ...

concern highlights the fact that, unlike previous atm frauds, current one might have far more serious repercussions and systemic ...

hsbc is among the top five issuers of p-notes in india with a market share of more than 6 per cent at the end of last financial ...

the steps taken by the bankers include asking customers to change the pins of their atm-cum-debit cards, which has now gone up ...

in august, irdai surprised the 55 life and non-life insurance companies in india, when it issued a discussion paper on the need ...

ndb, more popularly known as the brics bank, had earlier issued its first bonds to raise funds internationally for clean energy ...

they are increasingly usingg data analytics to identify client profiles behaviour, to cross-sell and identify more products ...

bank said it will offer loans to these segments without any processing or upfront fee and no documentation charges will be levied ...

while general insurance companies in india have been posting net profits, they have seen a worsening condition as far as ...

he said the industry is passing through very tough times due to the economic slowdown as well as the prevailing political ...

uco bank said that it would sell 71.7 million shares to lic on a preferential basis, which could fetch about rs 270 crore to the ...

however, the minimum capital requirement for these banks have been kept higher at 15% as compared to the scheduled commercial ...

a key official argued that constitution of a new institution to deal with stressed assets would only delay the resolution of bad ...

it is likely a large share of slippages in this quarter will emerge from the restructured loan portfolio, led by the ...

while your insurer will help you open an e-insurance account at the time of buying a policy, existing policyholders must do so ...

the rbi changed its stance on the neutral real rate and the timeframe for achieving the 4% inflation target, creating room for ...

during bank nationalisation, the rangoon branch of bank of bengal was taken over by the peoples bank no 8 of burma in february ...

loan approval will be done within 30 minutes, and to begin with, loans or emis up to rs 50,000 will be available for mobikwik ...

the move to sell off the german giant s stock, which affected shares traded in frankfurt, new york also helped drag down the us ...

threats from is militants, the syrian conflict and the migrant crisis in europe are some of the recent risks that have companies ...

chided banks for publishing photos of defaulters guarantors in newspapers even as they may or may not be categorised as ...

according to the borrowing calendar released by rbi on its website, the borrowing will be done through bonds maturing mostly ...

rich valuations could cap upside for the idfc bank stock in the near term. but an approval to merge idfc into the bank will aid ...

deutsche is facing a $14 billion fine from the us department of justice and concerns over its funding pushed its shares to a ...

even though lenders have been witnessing credit demand from the retail segment, it is the corporate lending that has remained ...

estimates for the omo vary between rs 50,000 crore and rs 1,50,000 crore. so far the central bank has already done omo purchases ...

it verifies a caller s identity through natural conversation by analysing over 100 characteristics including spped, accent, ...

the reserve bank of india has been opposing the sharing of such granular data with the fdmc, saying it would be a breach of ...

for the final r3 approval, reinsurers will be required to bring in capital to set up a branch after the second state of approval, ...

with public sector banks raising rs 10,000 crore through additional tier i bonds in the last few weeks, the pressure on the ...

a person booking a train ticket through the irctc website will be able to opt for travel insurance cover for a premium of 92 ...

all shareholders of reliance capital will receive one free share of reliance home finance for every one share held in reliance ...

masala bonds are not simply a way to borrow overseas, buy an attempt to make the tightly-controlled rupee available in global ...

the rating agency previously estimated that india s banks will need $90 billion in new capital to comply with the basel iii ...

icra has assigned a rating of aa with a stable outlook to non-convertible debentures worth rs 7,500 crore and a rating of a1 ...

the country s forex reserves increased by usd 989.5 million to an all-time high of usd 367.76 billion on the back of a healthy ...

yes bank has the unfortunate distinction of deferring its proposed institutional private placement of $1 bn after keeping it open ...

decision was taken after receiving complaints of alleged rough behaviour by some of the bank field staff assigned for recovery of ...

bank will not focus on niche platforms focused on high-end customers, but on those that bring to it mass and mass-affluent ...

the finance company will use the proceeds to refinance debt and grow its lending business. the debt-to-equity ratio remains at a ...

she expressed the hope that the bank will be able to finish the merger process by end of the current financial year if everything ...

figure stood at nearly rs 5 lakh crore in the first five months of 2013-14, while it was rs 3.90 lakh crore in the corresponding ...

beside bringing central banking to india s drawing rooms, raghuram rajan also built the rbi s credibility when other global ...

the department of financial services secretary added that unless bad loans were resolved, businesses were not going to be ...

kerala-based private bank to allot preferential shares to 7 investors which includes reliance capital, bennet, coleman ...

the bank had made a net loss of rs 2.44 cr in fy15. the loss brought forward in its balance sheet stood at rs 34.69 cr

candidates will be appointed as probationary officers after successful completion of one-year pg diploma in banking finance ...

fitch estimates a capital shortfall of $90 billion over next several years as basel iii regulatory requirements build from the ...

rbi has allowed banks to offer credit enhancement to bonds issued by infrastructure projects that need substantial amounts of ...

the central bank authorises the platform for repo in corporate bonds and encourage credit supply for large borrowers through ...

besides a strong focus on granular transaction banking, cross sell and various digital banking solutions, amit would also drive ...

while gross non-performing assets (npas) of the indian banking system are expected to rise further in this financial year, the ...

he said the govt needs to pay vendors on time for services, ensure the projects perform and improve the legal system by upgrading ...

nse board had already given its nod to list in india and overseas, it would also file a draft prospectus with market regulator to ...

with over rs 15,000 crore in deposits, its strategy is a hit for now, but the real test will come when it starts lending to ...

bandhan intends to start the services on a pilot basis in one of its recently opened high net worth individual (hni, or rich ...

candidates can check the result on sbi s official website. the interview call letters for successful candidates should be issued ...

according to a report by kotak institutional equities, bajaj life insurance, icici prudential life and sbi life have delivered ...

it is very likely that the bank s ipo will sail through if the pricing is right and promoters leave something on the table for ...

around five lakh bank employees and officers in the banks will join the all india general strike on september 2, 2016 to protest ...

in june, it raised rs 540 cr by selling 18% stake in life insurance joint venture with dai-ichi and union bank of india to the ...

a recent report has shown that fresh additions to bad loans are now primarily coming from fresh loans and not from restructured ...

icl now has 42 branches across kerala and tamil nadu and plans to expand its portfolio from 100 branches in the current financial ...

raghuram rajan, who demits office on september 4, has been pilloried by his critics for keeping interest rates high and has also ...

after punjab national bank (pnb) and united bank of india (ubi), more banks are likely to start a facility wherein an account ...

speaking about digitisation, he said it is not only increasing productivity but also leading to disruption of the existing ...

rbi had constituted a committee on capacity building in july 2014, under the chairmanship of former executive director, g ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday proposed that a customer should have zero liability in case of a third-party fraud on ...

the rupee on thursday lost 13 paise to close at 66.85 against the dollar, on fresh demand for the us currency from banks and ...

public sector lender idbi bank s net profit rose 78.3 per cent to rs 241.1 crore for the quarter ended june, on the back of tax ...

a customer who utilises suvidhaa s remittance or bill payment facilities can avail himself of loans up to rs 15,000 with no ...

in its third bi-monthly policy review rbi said the pace of foreign direct investment inflows slowed in the first two months of ...

state-run banks sold a record amount of sovereign bonds on tuesday, reaping rewards from a rally that s sent benchmark yields to ...

the bank, along with manipal university, has crafted a specialized post-graduate course for banking aspirants. after successful ...

the lender is also planning to issue 400,000 tags to motorists to allow them hassle-free passage through toll plazas on national ...

a closer look at these transactions reveals that private sector banks sold loans at much steeper discount rate to arcs than ...

section 45 which says that no claim can be rejected after three of the life insurance policy being in force still remains a bone ...

the committee will benchmark the current depth of household financial markets in india vis-a-vis those in other major world ...

the website is expected to be helpful in coordination between regulatory authorities and law enforcement agents throughout the ...

in metropolitan and large cities, the bank has spread adequately while scope still exists to cover other geographical areas like ...

they are small town boys who went on to make it big in global financial powerhouses. now, they are back. over the past several ...

the plan has a premium funding option where in the event of life insured s death, apart from benefit payout, insurer funds ...

icici bank to hold 30% stake, rest to be picked up by apollo subject to passage of amendment in sarfaesi act proposed in the ...

the bank, he said, can play a role in helping large section of retired persons who were trying to live a respectable life on the ...

burgeoning bad debt burden and their humongous provisioning requirement is putting capital-starved banks in serious jeopardy, ...

this will help to facilitate efficient access to the retail individual investor to the same g-sec market being used by the large ...

rbi had carried out an inspection of books of accounts, internal control, compliance system and processes at one of the bank s ...

they re making inroads into microfinance, used car finance and rural housing retail loans of top 12 nbfc are barely 5% smaller ...

pnb s net profit is halved to rs 30,636 crore for the quarter ended june 30 this year compared to rs 72,071 crore in the ...

the bank said, it has senior leadership and technology architecture to establish the business, and will commence operations in 12 ...

lenders of jaiprakash power ventures have invoked strategic debt restructuring (sdr) on monday to acquire a significant stake in ...

the private sector lender was hit by npas in its retail book in 2008-09 and now on the corporate side. analysts are looking at q1 ...

population of minority communities in goa according to the 2011 census is 5.14 lakh, which is 35.32 per cent of the total ...

indian housing finance companies (hfcs) need to work on underwriting standards for affordable home loans to control credit risks, ...

industry officials said this was on account of insurers primarily using bank branch networks to sell policies, apart from using ...

bank approved a resolution for issue of shares up to rs 8,000 crore inclusive of premium amount through various modes including ...

shares of central bank jumped 3.08% to rs 100.55, while iob gained 0.18% to rs 27.20 on bse

an internal note of the government on mudra loans has said that loans given under the scheme through mfis have high rates of ...

starting september, those booking tickets through the irctc website can avail of a travel accident cover for premium as low as rs ...

india s import cover improved to 10.9 months at the end of march 2016, from 9.8 months at end-september 2015, as the country s ...

during the first quarter of current fy, the company saw a 53% jump in total income at rs 368.95 crore compared to the same period ...

i was plunged into crisis management even before i could settle into the job, subbarao said here at the launch of his book who ...

s p global ratings on wednesday said hdfc bank s bonds issued from its bahrain branch were no longer under its creditwatch, ...

the process of resolving stressed assets of public sector banks in india has commenced, preparing them to bounce back into ...

taking a jibe at the way the narendra modi government handled the vicious criticism of reserve bank of india (rbi) governor ...

public sector central bank of india will raise rs 1,297 crore by issuing preference shares to the government. bank s capital ...

national payments corporation of india (npci) has enabled over 200 district central co-operative banks (dccbs) under rupay debit ...

sgb issue price has been fixed at rs 3,119 per gram. an investor can invest for a minimum unit of one gram and a maximum of 500 ...

icici prudential life insurance company aims to raise rs 5,000 cr via the ipo, the first by an insurer in india and the biggest ...

the concept of reer is used to gauge a currency s strength vis-a-vis its trading partners or export competitors after adjusting ...

rajan, accused by critics of keeping interest rates too high and often seen as being critical of the government and its policies, ...

data from life insurers show there is at least a 20 per cent rise year-on-year in fraudulent claims, including claims in the name ...

now, nps subscribers can view his her nps account, latest details of scheme wise units along with latest nav and the total value ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday set up an inter-regulatory working group to study regulatory issues relating to ...

irdai may relax of norms to enable distribution of simple policies such as third party through agencies such as pollution check ...

the pilot that was rolled out in bengaluru early this year, sbi exclusif, witnessed encouraging results with 50% more response ...

capital adequacy at 15.8% up from 15.3% a year ago net npa at 0.5% compared to 0.4% as on march 31, 2015

the bank is well positioned to continue to grow faster than the banking sector both in retail and wholesale segments, hdfc bank ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today lifted the almost seven year old restriction on fresh purchase of shares of state-owned ...

the bank has said that rs 794 crore was recovered in small value npa accounts and rs 301 crore from accounts of over rs 10 lakh ...

both the banks were both in midst of systematic plans to reduce stress on books and improve recoveries when they were impacted by ...

seed investment and innovation platform venture catalysts (vcats) has announced a seed investment of $250,000 into don t scratch ...

private equity (pe) and venture capital (vc) investments witnessed a decline during the first half of this year, driven by a ...

lenders are likely to consider electrosteel, bhushan steel and visa steel for debt recast under the scheme for sustainable ...

prime minister narendra modi and finance minister arun jaitley were close to a decision on rajan s successor and an announcement ...

the joint venture is between india s videocon industries and liberty citystate holdings pte, part of the us-headquartered liberty ...

the state bank of india (sbi) on friday said it will merge corporate finance branches of associate banks with parent branch and ...

pricing power of private corporate sector - measured by operating profit margin - remained flat in the fourth quarter over the ...

banks had raised about $34 billion through the fcnr (b) from deposits from nris in september 2013, most of which are falling due ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) said on thursday that for the quarter ending september, the government would borrow rs 1.85 lakh ...

over the next two years the bank would focus on cutting down its npa, expand its portfolios in home loan, sme and priority ...

the rbi report shows that the risks to the banking system have worsened significantly, as companies may not be paying back ...

the department of posts is planning to set up a board and appoint chief executive officer and chief operating officer of the ...

the aggregated balance sheet of nbfc sector expanded by 15.5% in march 2016. on the asset quality level also, performance ...

the board of the bank will comprise of 9 members, of which 5 will be independent members and the remaining four will be in-house ...

faced with rising bad assets, banking major sbi will divest non-core investments of around rs 3,000 crore to shore up its ...

apart from this, the report also suggested offering green insurance as a cover to help in internalisation of environmental costs ...

barring significant government support to boost the banks capitalization, the risks arising from the potential consolidation ...

reluctant to let another npa hurt them, the banks were ready to talk to anybody willing take over control of amw motors and repay ...

hdfc chairman deepak parekh also said in a sector like real estate where multiple approvals are required, embarking on a digital ...

chairman says there is no dearth of capital to fund infrastructure development, but investments must be handled with ...

one dy md, three eds to exit in 40 days another post of dy md vacant since oct 2015, after m rego moved to bank of india as md ...

the reporting requirement of commercial papers and unhedged forex (foreign exchange) exposures of borrowers were yet to be ...

currently rbi deputy governor rakesh mohan is being mentioned in official circles as the front runner to bag the coveted job at ...

according to rbi norms, the promoter s minimum initial contribution to the paid-up share capital of an sfb should be at least 40 ...

suggesting that reserve bank as an institution will not be impacted by governor raghuram rajan s departure, the economic research ...

after touching a record high last week, the country s foreign exchange reserves declined by $231 mn to $363.23 bn in the week ...

governor said to have been feeling lack of support from fm jaitley and pm modi he reportedly did not inform centre before ...

poor monsoons in 2014 and 2015 and slower growth in minimum support price over the last two years will continue to weigh on the ...

wiser from experience, rbi has come up with revised norms - the scheme for sustainable structuring of stressed assets (s4a) - to ...

overall, persistency ratio of insurance policies from the fourth year onwards is becoming a concern area for life insurance ...

so far this financial year, the central bank has infused rs 70,000 crore of durable liquidity through buying bonds under its open ...

the looming expiration of an emergency liquidity measure introduced during india s 2013 currency crisis comes at a risky time for ...

the meeting, held at rbi premises, was attended by chiefs of public sector banks, including state bank of india head arundhati ...

norms applicable to those who have listed their equity shares or are in process of getting shares listed in relation to transfer ...

insurers say india isn t ready from an accounting perspective for solvency these norms, which are to insurers, what basel-iii is ...

the benefits include cashless claim settlement, universal international free phone number, worldwide emergency, medical and ...

team has been formed under the supervision of associate and subsidiaries department, which is being headed by managing director, ...

john nelson, chairman of lloyd s, said that they intend to begin small in india and would start off with a few syndicates and ...

rajan yesterday said, there are certain allegations which are fundamentally wrong and baseless and addressing them would amount ...

the ft report said the existence, size and investments of the highly profitable internal trading fund, which was set up three ...

hdfc ergo general insurance, the insurance arm of mortgage lender hdfc, has acquired l t general insurance for rs 551 crore, ...

the reserve bank of india had introduced the mclr rates which became effective from april 1st to ensure that the rate of ...

rbi eased tier-i capital computing norms of psu banks, by allowing them to add a of part revaluation gains on realty investments ...

he said psbs made operating profits of rs 1.40 lakh crore in 2015-16 indicating that their performance was not as bad as being ...

fall in other provisions was due to heavy reduction in money set aside to cover for write-offs to rs 125.22 crore from rs 436.66 ...

currently offers working capital loans to smes including short-term funds, overdraft, loans against receivables and bill ...

rajan concerned that the media reports and the rumours give the impression of it being a personality-driven contest, untrue and ...

to encourage infrastructure financing, rbi today eased norms for nbfcs to refinance such projects and provide longer repayment ...

siac will establish its office in the ifsc-gift, which will be instrumental in promoting siac s arbitration services to indian ...

however, the hasty rise in retail inflation in april to 5.4 per cent confirms that the rbi s decision not to front-load a larger ...

the rbi chief is said to have written to pm modi to relieve him of his duties after his term ends in september, ananda bazar ...

anil agarwal, md head of asian financial research, morgan stanley, has had a negative view on public sector banks for the ...

launched last year, smartbuy is a marketplace that has tied-up with various merchants bank s debit or credit card customers can ...

the company, a joint venture between icici bank and britain s prudential, plans to file its offer document with market regulator ...

click pay to issue yes bank sponsored mobile wallets and use bank s imps platform to process instant proximity transactions ...

currently, agriculture ministry has empanelled 11 private sector companies and state-owned agriculture insurance company to ...

regulator has now come up with new set of norms for maintaining solvency ratio by insurance companies based on each line of ...

while there is nothing exciting in the results, investors have given a thumbs up to the stock as they believe that the worst is ...

p2p lending allows an individual to lend borrow money to from other unrelated individuals without assistance from any financial ...

pointing to the limited legal infrastructure at hand, rating agency moody s on thursday said banks in india may get limited help ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday said finance companies will have to implement a debt-restructuring package, under the ...

of the 11 licence holders, only eight remain in the fray as concerns about profitability and rising competition are making them ...

the decision to take a cut in variable pay came after the q4fy16 results when the lender reported a decline in its net profit ...

he said india s state-owned banks need to merge into half a dozen well-capitalised institutions that can underwrite economic ...

irdai has opened up corporate agency channel wherein banks can tie-up with up to three life, three non-life and three standalone ...

facilitates getting insurance information and services instantly by simply sending a tweet at bajaj allianz twitter handle with ...

a research report by india infoline adds that the shift to shorter tenure products will help in ensuring a robust asset quality ...

microfinance firms were able to increase their portfolio substantially, even as one of the biggest micro-lender bandhan was ...

rising bad loans continued to haunt public sector banks (psbs) in the march 2016 quarter. as they complied with the reserve bank ...

the regulator said the board will have to look at a broad range of areas such as overall direction of business of the insurance ...

according to reports, hdfc standard life and icici prudential life insurance companies have approached the insurance regulator ...

despite opposition and protest by all the aibea s workman directors and a few other independent directors about the proposal and ...

emphasising that india was growing despite the global slowdown, jaitley said the ability of the banks to lend was critical for ...

weighed down by stressed assets and provisions, the bottom line of six public sector banks came under pressure in the fourth ...

sud life (star union dai-ichi life insurance), a joint venture between bank of india, union bank of india and the japan-based ...

permission of rbi will also be required for opening a bo lo po in jammu and kashmir, north east region and andaman and nicobar ...

according to the pss act, 2007, it is mandatory to seek authorisation from the reserve bank to commence or operate a payment ...

the central bank released a discussion paper on the framework for enhancing credit supply to large borrowers move to help ...

rbi asks customers to approach banking ombudsman if banks impose penalty for not maintaining minimum balance, the times of india ...

jain s role in the new company will be as an investor and a mentor, while the entire operation will be headed by his ex-colleague ...

new development bank president k v kamath says the processes of economic growth and asset resolution will take care of the bad ...

report says domestic companies, particularly those in the cement, fertiliser, trading and finance are now less dependent on ...

only a fraction of defaulting loans is reported to central databases what is made available for public scrutiny would be even ...

what differentiates rajan from his predecessors is his proactive steps in anticipating a problem and coming up with ...

the management has provided for rs 1,023 crore in provisions and contingencies, an increase of 37.2% over rs 818 crore in the ...

banks that had lent cash for subscribing to fcnr scheme would now pull back loans and at the same time, the rbi will pay the ...

importers are willing to hedge in the one-month basket, and exporters, too, are selling dollars for the near future, say currency ...

finmin data shows sbi tops list with rs 11,705 crore in wilful defaults, followed closely by punjab national bank, with rs ...

there were projects which needed fresh capital, new management and new promoters, but banks were wary of raising their ...

the platform owners investors hail the move as regulation gives rbi s stamp of approval to a business that is completely ...

the reserve bank today said banks need not report their compliance to jilani committee recommendations, related to frauds and ...

of the total borrowings during the month, $201.05 mn was raised through approval route, while $1.32 bn came through the automatic ...

nabard says the expansion of banking network in left wing extremist-affected districts is critical for the empowerment of people ...

finance ministry asks bank to improve recoveries, which is set to hold significant weightage in capital allocation, the economic ...

he said there are at present times several congruent factors that indicate that consolidation in indian banking scene has its ...

they are tying up with co-op banks, mfis and small finance banks in order to sell their products through touch points of these ...

the reverse merger, which is necessary to meet regulatory norms, would be that of ujjivan financial services and its banking ...

the insurer has launched a personal health wallet with an aim to motivate people to not only buy health insurance but also stay ...

sarvjit singh samra s capital local area bank will become the country s first small finance lender on sunday with a new name, ...

economists believe raghuram rajan is likely to stay on as india s central bank governor after his term ends in september, a ...

those with bank promoters or bancassurance pacts with large banks have been at an advantage compared to those without such ...

banking regulator has trimmed the list of companies whose loans have to be provided for against risk of failure to pay up in the ...

says intent was to signal that india s outperformance was accentuated due to low global growth apologises for hurting sentiments ...

however, if done methodically, with an eye on regional presence, it could provide a hedge against asset quality issues in the ...

said the issue of bad loans gets loaded with morality and it is necessary to keep criminal liability separate for putting the ...

the central bank will also try to provide better communication of the debt management policy to avoid uncertainty in the minds ...

the country s largest lender would soon finalise business targets for the current financial year (2016-17) and conduct a ...

speaking out against banks being goaded to focus only on the retail segment, sbi chairperson arundhati bhattacharya today ...

arundhati bhattacharya said that neither payment banks nor small finance banks seem to have yet devised a business model that can ...

the key to neutralising rupee volatility lies in the inflation targeting mandate of the new monetary policy framework that guides ...

total income of the company grew 19.86% to rs 509.56 crore, from rs 425.12 crore a year ago

a company can invest up to a certain percentage of its net worth (equity plus reserves) in overseas subsidiaries and, hence, ...

reserve bank had submitted a list of individuals and companies which had defaulted on bank loans of over rs 500 cr to the apex ...

constitute nearly 1 3rd of total write-offs in some cases sbi s recovery stood at rs 11,566 crore against a write off of rs ...

said that the market will take between three to five years to develop given the huge financing demand from the infrastructure ...

india s foreign exchange reserves surged by a whopping usd 4.2 billion to touch a record high of usd 359.759 billion in the week ...

bureau is a temporary arrangement to be transitioned into a bank investment company that would act as a holding company for all ...

the goal of pslcs is to allow the market mechanism to drive priority sector lending by leveraging the comparative strength of ...

fresh actuaries from institute of actuaries of india can be absorbed in insurance firms if an experienced actuary officially ...

it pointed out smart devices will grow in importance, take their place alongside cards (debit credit atm) as primary medium for ...

an onshore branch to provide local access to lloyd s underwriting and reinsurance solutions for specialist risks, including ...

the overnight mclr rate of seven large banks, including sbi, icici bank, hdfc bank and axis bank, varied between 8.95% (sbi) to ...

reserve bank of india (rbi), in consultation with the government of india has decided to delegate the powers for permitting clean ...

the insurance industry s actual growth is not only measured by new business premiums in life insurance, but also by the number of ...

sbi will charge an annual interest of 9.2% for loans of 1-year tenor, 9.3% for 2-year tenor, 9.35% for 3-year tenor

under uday, 75 per cent of the outstanding debt of the discoms, estimated at rs 4 lakh crore, will be taken over by state ...

the madras high court has issued an order restraining various organisations which are protesting against the centre s stake ...

bank employees raised privatisation issue, following which labour authorities held conciliation talks from march 21 to 24, ...

decision pertains to foreign travel policies and health policies issued by indian insurers covering medical treatment or ...

syndicates granted approval not to be given preference in reinsurance contracts for 3 years, unless they have got approval for ...

it claimed none of their services were disrupted in nationwide strike except in karnataka, where high court asked unions not to ...

under the scheme, centre allows state governments, which own discoms, to take over 75% of debt as of september 30, 2015 in 2 ...

arun jaitley said that banks have certain collaterals of group companies of vijay mallya and will take legal action to recover ...

for maturities from 31 days to 45 days, the bank has cut interest rate from six per cent to 5.5 per cent for deposits below rs 1 ...

a senior finance ministry official said the process to fill vacancies of non-executive chairman in nine state-run banks was ...

last month, the firm had said that three of its lenders, including idbi bank have decided to convert loans worth rs 22.25 crore ...

according to corporate agency rules, banks can tie up with up to three life, three non-life and three standalone health insurers ...

jaitley says a veil of some of security around farmer needs to be put, especially due to the inadequate monsoons faced in the ...

the state-run lender had earlier announced that it has approached the govt lic for infusion of equity capital through ...

sbi chief, at iim-a convocation, suggests students to be an employer instead of being an employee as every month millions of ...

an array of products are available in the market to ffer covers against unemployment, personal accident that could impact the ...

garigiparthy brings over 23 years experience in financial services to the role and was most recently regional compliance manager ...

bank is currently evaluating issuance of long-term bonds in nature of debentures for lending to long-term projects in infra and ...

the changed norms relate to minimum participation criterion in the funds, advance ruling mechanism and diversified nature of the ...

lic collected first year premiums of rs 74,142 crore during this period, against rs 62,635 crore a year ago, showing a growth of ...

through virtual cards, customers can initiate electronic payments from nfc enabled smartphones by just waving their phones near a ...

for fy15, banks had written off 47 such accounts, totalling rs 13,018 crore, minister of state for finance jayant sinha said in a ...

the address comes in the backdrop of the govt s announcement of meeting the current year s fiscal deficit target and sticking to ...

dent in interest income due to new loan pricing regime, scheme to revive discoms may also shave off 10 bps from their net ...

sbi chairperson arundhati said even though scheme has ended, they have been opening 60k to 70k accounts everyday with nominal ...

its plan offers 101% of the premiums paid as returns and offers a guaranteed loyalty addition if one chooses to be invested till ...

irdai has allowed insurers to bring out long-term two-wheeler policy (both liability alone package) for a maximum of three ...

citibank took the decision despite having a large customer base, with most of the clients only availing the wealth management ...

a consortium of banks which lent to kingfisher are currently involved in more than 20 cases in various courts, including the debt ...

an eligible customer will get a subsidy at 6.5% pa on max rs 6 lakh or loan amount, whichever is lower, for a max tenure of 15 ...

public sector bank indian bank has received approval from the board of directors to raise tier ii or additional tier i bonds for ...

in budget, fm announced plans for listing of four psu general insurance firms except for new india assurance, none of the other ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday said only non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) registered with the central bank ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday said it had converted two securities maturing in 2016-17 and one security maturing in ...

three policymakers said they are combing through numbers to test how jaitley struck a balance, and question some of the ...

he said macroeconomic stability is fundamental to ensure that monetary policy has space and they have tried to provide that in ...

it is anticipated that new india, which is among the largest in the public sector, could be the first to be taken to the listing ...

the union budget is credit negative for public sector banks as lower capital infusion announced by the government will be ...

no revision of the 2017 recap plan suggests muted credit growth expectations (9-10 per cent) on the government s part for the ...

company is looking at setting up a separate housing finance company as the cost of funds that it can tap through the national ...

banks must value their assets, as far as possible, close to the true value, as the reserve bank has been emphasising, the survey ...

the bank intends to raise an additional equity capital of rs 136 cr by allotting shares for cash at rs 47.30 per share to the ...

moody s estimates 11 public sector banks external capital requirements at rs 1.45 lakh for the four financial years, ending ...

companies, which have undergone restructuring process for their stressed loans, should be made public, there cannot be any ...

indian tax authorities have issued notices to global banking giant hsbc, warning of prosecution against its swiss and dubai arms ...

the achievement for the agriculture and allied sectors (direct) is rs 15,698 cr, which is 60% of the credit target of rs 26,226 ...

the central bank had nudged all lenders, public and private, to identify all stressed accounts and significantly raise ...

even though prices have started picking up, banks continue to remain a little cautious about growing the book because of the ...

axis bank has decided to follow a new method of assessment called acelerate and ditch the old system from this financial year ...

sbi dedicated japan desk offers wholesale and retail banking products like rupee funding for japanese businesses and banks, as ...

guidelines seek to ensure structure, responsibilities and functions of company and that it recognises expectations of all ...

the state-owned bank income fell to rs 7,361.86 cr in the quarter under review from rs 7,935.99 cr a year ago.

rbi also said it would conduct additional liquidity operations based on evolving liquidity conditions in the month where the ...

reserve bank of india deputy governor ss mundra on thursday said high npa numbers reported by banks is because of the delayed ...

insurance sector officials said that while customers are less apprehensive about short term volatility, some fund switches could ...

total income fell to rs 5,350.48 cr during the quarter from rs 5,458.79 cr in the previous financial year.

the payments bank will be a subsidiary of tech mahindra and will target users in both rural and semi-urban areas as well as the ...

net npas went up to 6.68% from 3.97% at the end of dec 2014.

in the past two months, the public sector behemoth had launched three new policies -- jeevan labh, jeevan shikhar and jeevan ...

gross non-performing assets (npas) rose to 8.47% at the end of q3 as against 6.36% at the end of q2 provisioning doubles to rs ...

state-owned oriental bank of commerce (obc) today said it plans to raise up to rs 1,500 crore by issue of preference shares to ...

insurers claim ratios have even exceeded 150 per cent in certain periods in this space meaning that the claim amount exceeded ...

the components in the united package include the fasal bima yojana, fire insurance, agriculture pump-set insurance and life ...

with fixed deposit rates in banks falling, the net collection of small savings through post offices increased a whopping 700 per ...

earlier, bandhan used to absorb a significant amount of priority sector lending by banks. now that it is no longer an mfi, a lot ...

but rbi data suggest that by replacing interest subsidy with crop insurance, government can use about rs 12,500 cr to facilitate ...

the survey showed that 72 per cent of those in age group of 46-54 years while 68 per cent of those in 55-60 years bracket own a ...

rbi deputy governor r gandhi asks companies to look at bond market for raising funds, rather than tapping only traditional ...

telecom operator telenor has enrolled over 4 million of its subscribers under free life insurance scheme in uttar pradesh (east) ...

while the rbi seeks to provide liquidity to lenders trough term repos or short-term loans, banks favour rbi bond purchases or ...

spike in npa came in after rbi s systemic review, asking banks to recognise certain assets in december and march quarters of fy16 ...

the original promoters will likely have to make way for new investors if the company is to get back on its feet and repay its ...

in a pre-policy poll done by business standard of 10 institutions, all but one expect rbi to keep its policy repo rate unchanged ...

high yields, acute liquidity shortage and a continued supply of bonds from the central and state governments have rankled the ...

sbi life insurance company is looking at an overall growth of 30-35% for the next two-three years on the back of growing agency ...

as inflation trends upwards, rbi may keep interest rate unchanged in the upcoming monetary policy review on tuesday and possibly ...

the capacity utilisation for the second quarter was at 70.6 per cent, against 71.3 per cent in the first quarter and 73.6 per ...

sbi has clarified it is unable to provide e-voting for shareholders due to the legal position and not because of its ...

mis-selling, which dominates the grievances in the life insurance sector, has seen a reduction in the financial year 2014-15 ...

the next chairman at the country s largest lender could enjoy a four-year tenure and the chairman after the next would have a ...

vaidyan to hold the office of the national reinsurer till july 2019 she is also the first lady chairperson in the indian ...

rbi has reduced repo rate by 125 basis points in about past one year, but demands continue to mount for further cuts to stimulate ...

rbi governor raghuram rajan s tough love for state banks hasn t done much for their popularity among asia s top bond ...

said technology has transformed the financial sector in terms of their interaction with customers, reducing the dependence on ...

esides discussing proposed disclosure of individual agent commissions in the financial statements of fund houses, amfi in its ...

lic collected new premiums of rs 59615.41 cr for the first three quarters, seeing a growth of 15.4% over same period last ...

total income increased to rs 1,560.98 crore, up 6.39% from rs 1,467.13 crore in the december quarter last fiscal

the regulator added that the costs towards above services would have to be factored in the pricing of the underlying health ...

the regulator said that ulips registered a growth of 10.85% in premiums from rs 37,544.08 cr in 2013-14 to rs 41,616.94 cr in ...

cbr means those re-insurers that do not have any physical presence in india and do re-insurance business with indian ...

the government on monday issued the roadmap for the implementation of the indian accounting standards (ind-as) for commercial ...

all the four state-owned non-life insurers - new india assurance, oriental, united and national - mobilised a total premium of rs ...

department of posts (dop) plans to open 1,000 atms and bring all 25,000 departmental post offices under core banking system by ...

analjit sigh will now be the founder and chairman emeritus of max group and rahul khosla has been elevated as the president of ...

aon benfield s report states that 300 separate natural disasters occurred in 2015, causing a combined total insured loss of $35 ...

the banking regulator also said that there should also be adequate synchronisation at the ground level between the different ...

the gradual improvement in operating environment for indian banks is expected to reduce pace of additions to bad loan portfolio, ...

hdfc bank-the largest issuer of credit cards in the country-has managed to grab more than 50 per cent market share in terms of ...

the institutions wanted incentives to encourage cashless transactions through debit credit cards and rationalisation of interest ...

while banks get loans from mudra at 6.72%, they are required to lend it at base rate, which was why banks did not find the ...

according to a fitch ratings report, indian banks need $140 billion capital to ensure full compliance with the basel-iii norms by ...

under the payments bank, the initial plan is to have 650 main branches where the department has head or bigger post offices. ...

after the final guidelines for opening of branch licences for foreign reinsurers was out, several companies, such as swiss re, ...

to meet asia s development needs, multilateral funding agency asian development bank (adb) approved a record $27.15 billion in ...

indian capital markets joined the global sell-off sparked by china growth concerns. the rupee also fell to more than a three-week ...

however, it is vulnerable to political risks, rising competitive pressure, expansion to newer geographies, marginal borrower ...

the tac reviewed the recent developments in money, government securities and foreign exchange markets and discussed various ...

bajaj allianz life insurance has launched micro term insurance plan bajaj allianz bima dhan suraksha yojana with return of ...

however, the regulator said that this is subject to conditions including having a board approved policy, verification of customer ...

federation of indian hire purchase associations would pursue its request with the rbi to reconsider its decision to cut down the ...

there was also a proposal earlier to have two different pools, one for below poverty line and one for above, but that has now ...

sebi has issued an impounding order of rs 1.6 crore against entities which made alleged unlawful gains by trading based on inside ...

one of the solutions has come up in the form of simple over-the-counter products, which could be sold in rural as well as urban ...

after idbi bank raised rs 1,900 crore through two basel-iii compliant bonds, two more banks have lined up their issuances and ...

religare institutional research has said in a report that by march 2017, banks in india might end up refinancing 30-40 accounts ...

the interest rate for foreign currency non-resident (banking) deposits in dollar terms has been fixed at 1.88% from the existing ...

the indian banks association to tell finance ministry how to revive 85 large projects worth rs 3.5 lakh crore stuck in sectors ...

the mumbai-based desk employed four people who were all offered the option to relocate to bengaluru to join the bank s offshore ...

india s foreign exchange reserves rose $943 million to about $352 billion in the week ended december 26. the foreign currency ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday said india s debt management strategy would be based on three broad pillars - low ...

india s external debt edged up by 1.7 per cent during the first six months of the ongoing fiscal to usd 483.2 billion at the ...

scrip of the public lender closed 1.44% higher at rs 88.90 on bse.

the rbi governor most famous oneliners -- i am raghuram rajan and i do what i do -- that eventually summed up the year 2015 for ...

according to data published by the life insurance council, the 24 life insurance companies put together saw 30,828 agents exiting ...

an aibea leader said that to protest is the violation of bilateral settlement by the five associate banks of the state bank of ...

the strike, set to affect normal services all over the country, is in protest against violation of bilateral settlement by 5 ...

panel to remain valid for three years, subject to a condition that firms continue to be on panel of approved auditors released by ...

coupons on aaa-rated three months corporate papers were at 8.8750 per cent just before rbi started cutting its rates on january ...

with uttarakhand floods, cyclones hudhud and phailin and tamil nadu floods occurring in the 2013-15 period, insured losses have ...

the report warned that the world is heading towards more uncertainties and india, expected to show gradual recovery, should be ...

earlier, rbi had said banks, particularly psbs, were not being fully compensated for the accounts being opened under the pradhan ...

with scrip valuations at a premium to banks , analysts believe recent regulatory changes, plus sluggish demand in realty sector, ...

the rbi in its 12th financial stability report released on wednesday said the business of scheduled commercial banks slowed as ...

rbi deputy governor r gandhi declines to specify if the new document would continue with the tradition of covering a three-year ...

says the sector is mastering use of digital surrogate data, in the absence of income proof documents, to improve credit ...

new mclr, effective april 1, will impact the new borrowers immediately, while some old borrowers with better credit profile would ...

the masterminds of the racket operating through the bank were allegedly charging rs 1.35 for every dollar sent abroad from people ...

describing the recent rains that lashed chennai and other parts of tamil nadu as unprecedented , finance minister arun jaitley ...

rbi has asked banks to price all new loans sanctioned or renewed from april 2016 based on the marginal cost of funds-based ...

the sc dismissed a large number of appeals moved by rbi, icici bank and nabard, invoking banking rules and confidentiality to ...

singapore s dbs bank has appointed shantanu sengupta as head of consumer banking group in india. prior to joining dbs, sengupta ...

dismissing rumours on the social media, the reserve bank today said all notes including those with scribbling will continue to be ...

we do believe that unless we work jointly in this area, it will be extremely difficult to ensure security for all arundhati ...

credit rating agency fitch ratings said in a report that it expects the banks to show a gradual improvement in the stressed ...

general insurance companies are likely to receive claims worth around rs 200 crore from the owners of eight corporate jets that ...

hailing higher foreign participation in the insurance sector as a positive step, irdai chairman t s vijayan today said it will ...

as the proposed small sfbs scout for domestic equity to meet their regulatory requirement, a recent rbi circular on alternative ...

strategic debt restructuring (sdr), meant to help lenders tackle bad debts, is instead helping to camouflage the scale of the ...

five leading bankers say government spending is essential to revive growth and that banks are responding well to the ...

aia group today said it will raise stake in the life insurance venture with tata group to 49 per cent from the existing 26 per ...

in view of floods, icici bank today said it has decided not to impose any penalty on its chennai customers for delay in emi ...

the rupee s fall against the dollar is bad news for companies which have increased their exposure to foreign currency loans in ...

the central bank is agreeing to pay higher rates at bond auctions while also buying bonds in the open market to stop yields ...

for this, customers would need to register their numbers with the lender and authorise the amount by which they want to get ...

the reserve bank of india on wednesday signed separate memoranda of understanding on supervisory cooperation and exchange of ...

the central bank will buy 7.83% 2018 bonds, 7.28% 2019 bonds, 8.40% 2024 bonds, and 7.88% 2030 bonds

eyeing rising retail inflation and the us fed s expected rate hike this month, the reserve bank of india on tuesday left its key ...

a search committee headed by reserve bank governor raghuram rajan next month will interview nine candidates for the post of ...

irdai extending timelines for kiranas to acquire skills to sell insurance after insurers express worries about specialised nature ...

axis bank, india s third largest private sector bank, has recorded a five-fold growth in digital transaction in the first six ...

even though india s economy has been minting millionaires at a strong pace, it has failed to translate into profits for the ...

sanjay radhakrishnan, ceo, jlt independent said that several indian mncs are now taking the cover, with a rise in terrorism and ...

conciliation meeting has been called duties powers of staff, allowances, working hours among the issues discussed in the ...

after barclays, city bank and deutsche bank, swiss banking group credit suisse has announced setting up of its centre of ...

the cbt is chaired by union labour minister bandaru dattatreya and includes members from the trade unions, industry ...

says 5 25 scheme helps them mask the extent, says stressed assets formation remains high cautious on impact of plan to ...

kotak mahindra general insurance company (kotak general insurance) announced it has been granted certificate of registration by ...

major banking transactions took a hit today as over 17,000 employees of rbi went on one-day mass casual leave protesting ...

while the mass leave is not a strike, union leaders say they could go for longer strikes if the government does not change its ...

india s rupee is forecast to outperform its asian peers as prime minister narendra modi travels the world to woo investors and ...

banks having operations in odisha have achieved only 32.43 per cent of the annual credit plan of rs 47,757.13 crore target fixed ...

kkr, which is investing through its asian fund ii, bought avendus shares from private-equity firm eastgate capital and investment ...

former union minister veerappa moily has said npas and stressed loans are very high, and at no point of time after the ...

the stake sale, valued at about $3.2 billion at the current stock price, is part of the indian government s aim to raise rs 695 ...

state bank of india, which is seeing subdued growth in corporate credit, expects it to pick up in the second half with investment ...

bank credit growth continued to disappoint during first half of the current fiscal with an annual growth of just 8.4 per cent at ...

the government has also issued directions to the effect that member enrolment forms regarding this should be submitted till ...

telecom operator telenor india today said it has issued 15 lakh free life insurance policies in october under a life cover scheme ...

the meeting is expected to review credit offtake by sectors such as home, education and corporates as well as the progress made ...

bank has reported operating profit during fy15 h1fy16, higher provisions towards non-performing assets resulted in after ...

india s foreign exchange reserves fell $1.9 billion to $351.7 billion in the week ended november 6, data from the reserve bank of ...

a leading uae-based bank has announced a partnership deal with sbi to help nri customers in gulf carry out their remittances ...

new premium business of the life insurance industry has seen a 14.5 per cent growth for the april 1-september 30 period for ...

in frankfurt, the rbi governor said that low borrowing costs and money printing were a threat to financial stability and would ...

bis fosters global cooperation among central banks to esnure global monetary and financial stability includes us, uk and japan ...

the new caps, if implemented, would mean that a customer would have to pay higher premiums so that higher commissions are paid to ...

sbi, largest player in the commercial paper (cp) market, with its exposure in this segment of the money market jumping by a ...

idfc bank hopes to fill the space being left by the inability of state-run banks to expand their balance sheet due to capital ...

bank of baroda ltd, india s second-biggest state-run lender by assets, posted on friday an unexpectedly sharp 89% tumble in its ...

india s banking, financial services and insurance (bfsi) sector is finding it hard to retain top talent, according to a study by ...

the committee has recommended six to a maximum of nine months to deal with insolvency and enable winding-up of operations of a ...

to avail oneself of this free insurance benefit, customer has to do a recharge of rs 107 followed by a cumulative recharge of rs ...

the new ceo was expected to take over from sunil kaushal last month itself but they are yet to decide on who will be the right ...

the opening of the branch comes as nbad has completed migration of an indian corporate loan portfolio worth around $900 million ...

last month, the cbi had registered a case against basmati rice exporter rei agro on the basis of a complaint filed by a ...

private sector lender, federal bank has appointed shalini warrier as the chief operating officer of federal bank. the appointment ...

global rating agency moody s has upgraded its outlook for the indian banking system to stable from negative on gradual ...

the bank said in a statement that its board has approved the sale of 9 per cent shareholding in icici lombard to its joint ...

fairfax financial holdings will increase its stake in icici lombard general insurance to 35% approximately from 25.7% held ...

icici bank, india s top private sector lender by assets, reported a 12% increase in quarterly profit due to faster retail loans ...

asian development bank (adb), indusind bank (ibl) and ifmr capital have signed second partial guarantee programme to provide ...

asian development bank (adb), indusind bank (ibl) and ifmr capital have signed a partial guarantee programme to provide local ...

india s first international financial services centre (ifsc) at gift city in gujarat began operations today with the launch of ...

axis bank, india s third-biggest private sector lender by assets, reported a 19% increase in second-quarter profit, in line with ...

private sector lender yes bank today said it has started operations from its ifsc banking unit at the gujarat international ...

japan s nippon life insurance plans to acquire another 23 per cent stake in reliance life insurance for about rs 2,500 ...

the auction of the new 40-year government securities maturing in 2055 sailed smoothly on friday along with other securities. the ...

mumbai 23 october federal bank launched the malayalam and hindi language versions for its mobile banking application ...

reserve bank of india s move to set up 11 payments banks is expected to expand penetration of the banking sector in rural areas ...

may cut base rates in on-going quarter. confident of keeping net interest margin 4.1 to 4.4%

the bank with its stronger retail business and relatively smaller exposure to project finance, has far fewer bad loans than ...

idfc and bandhan financial services emerged successful out of 25 contenders for universal bank licences issued by the rbi in ...

instead of recovering npas, the govt is in a move to divest stake in the bank which has rs 2,60,000 crore of deposits, alleges ...

there is much that still needs to be rectified with the public sector banks vis-vis the private sector. notwithstanding the ...

the esops comprise of 646,080 shares of reliance capital and rest as phantom shares of operating subsidiaries in mutual fund and ...

credit in the banking system continues to grow at a muted pace. as per the reserve bank of india data, credit in the system grew ...

ropes in kpmg to advise on road map the bank has about 44 mn square feet of owned assets and 50 mn square feet of rented ...

says 71% indian consumers use social media to get a customer response more than twice that of japan at 29% and ahead of hong kong ...

after over 14 months, public sector lender bank of baroda now has a full time chief executive. p s jayakumar took charge as ...

liability insurance is now increasingly getting sold via tailor-made products made not only looking at corporate needs but also ...

intellect design arena s igtb has launched a new solution that helps users access corporate banking services from their apple ...

as per the enhancement for fpis, rbi will be increasing the investment limit for government securities to rs 1,79,500 cr by ...

standard chartered bank (stanchart), the largest foreign lender in india in terms of branch network will not remain insulated ...

the reserve bank has signed an agreement on information sharing with bank of botswana under the supervisory cooperation and ...

insurance regulatory and development authority of india in is minimum limits for annuities and other benefits regulations said ...

kotak mahindra bank has said that its mobile based transactions has increased by 300 per cent to rs 1,700 crore in september 2015 ...

the capital requirement of indian banks would cross the rs 5 lakh-crore mark while meeting the global basel iii banking norms by ...

amid investigations into the allegations of black money transfers, state-owned bank of baroda today said the rs 6,100 crore ...

private sector lender yes bank today said it has got the reserve bank s approval to set up a mutual fund, asset management ...

over a dozen public and private sector banks have been slapped a fine of rs 68 lakh for their failure to report attempts of ...

newly opened private sector lender bandhan bank is looking to raise rs 500 crore from existing investors by the end of the ...

the congress party on sunday alleged that many nationalised and foreign banks were also involved in the forex scam after the bank ...

shares of housing finance companies gained as much as 9.3 per cent after the rbi said that banks can now provide loans up to 90 ...

those below investment grade (bb to b, ba to b) will have 100 per cent risk weight while those below b will have 150 per cent ...

sounding a note of caution, rbi governor raghuram rajan today said financial inclusion should not be pressed beyond a point ...

top private sector lender icici bank today launched a mobile-payment solution based on mvisa that will allow its customers pay ...

kotak mahindra bank launched a fund transfer service for its offline mobile app bharat in ahmedabad on thursday. with this, ...

general insurance companies now looking at cracking down on hospitals which overcharge for standard procedures. compared to the ...

a 14 per cent deficit in monsoon has started showing its effect on bank loans. reports say that poor rainfall is making bankers ...

shriram life insurance, in partnership with telenor, shall give insurance cover to all telenor subscribers who opt in, through ...

insurance regulatory and development authority of india (irdai) chairman t s vijayan today said they will soon take a view on ...

insurance companies will now be required to not only disclose more details about the product returns in the life policies that ...

he, however, added a further slowdown in china would have a silver lining in that it might lead to more foreign investment into ...

bill discounting is a transaction under which a firm sells its accounts receivable at a discounted value to banks or a factoring ...

the bank inaugurated its first branch on april 29 at mumbai, now having full-fledged operations, including remittance from gulf ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will auction government bonds worth rs 15,000 crore on friday, including a new one maturing in ...

the directions given by rbi were for improving the internal control of the bank and for the purpose of consolidation of its ...

acceptance, working within govt system staff relations among the key challenges for the private sector veteran, who takes ...

caveat enhanced limit applies to offshore funds having an indian connection they cannot invest in a jv or a wholly-owned ...

private sector lenders yes bank and kotak mahindra bank today cut their base rates by 25 basis points to 10.25 percent and 9.5 ...

no one likes bankers as there is a widespread perception that bankers are product pushers and less of solution providers. this ...

insurance regulatory and development authority of india (irdai) will today open its mumbai regional office, with departments of ...

the yield on the 10-year benchmark bond has dropped by a sharp 32 bps during the quarter, compared with a rise of 12 bps during ...

liberty videocon general insurance is the latest to launch a tab-based claims surveyor application for faster motor claims ...

tamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaa today announced new textile park and financial support for first generation ...

loans worth rs 35.38 crore have been sanctioned to 6,480 beneficiaries, at a mega loan camp held under pradhan mantri mudra ...

my name is raghuram rajan and i do what i do , was rbi governor s response to comments that he was being santa claus in cutting ...

former finance minister p chidambaram today welcomed the 0.50 per cent cut in interest rate announced by the reserve bank of ...

third-party claims mount in this segment on account of past policyholders, with the permitted later recovery an uncertain ...

irdai said no upfront payments, whether direct or indirect, is allowed in respect of current and future business volumes to ...

the government s thought to reduce stake in idbi bank below 50 per cent will give operational freedom in decision making, spare ...

in its efforts to boost case research on banking and financial services, bank of baroda (bob) on monday announced a contribution ...

pitching for public sector banks being given independence from political decision-making, finance minister arun jaitley today ...

singapore-based dbs bank today said it expects the rbi to lower the repo rate by 25 basis points (bps) to 7.0 per cent, with the ...

as it prepares to launch its banking services with motto to become hatke bank , idfc bank is contemplating a low capex move of ...

its personal loan book grew 61% in june 2014-2015. in this period, credit cards grew 18%, home loans by 26% and automobile loans ...

the government targets to disburse rs 1.22 lakh crore loan to micro and marginal businesses under the mudra scheme by the end of ...

royal sundaram alliance insurance company ltd, a subsidiary of sundaram finance, will be increasing its focus on health and ...

reserve bank deputy governor s s mundra today reiterated the central bank s resolve to further fine-tune the recently-introduced ...

in a bid to recover dues from stressed corporate accounts, union bank of india is focusing on strategic debt restructuring (sdr) ...

buy the rumour, sell the news is an adage, probably as old as the markets. once again it has come true. this time around l t ...

life insurers collected first year premium of rs 45,871 cr during april 1, 2015 to august 31, 2015 for the period as compared to ...

making a strong case for rate cut by rbi later this month, finance minister arun jaitley today said monetary policy plays an ...

having secured rbi s approval, jalandhar-based capital local area bank plans to start operations as a small finance bank from the ...

sks microfinance not receiving a small finance bank licence will not weaken its competitive position as the micro lender enjoys a ...

the two insurance schemes pertaining to pure term and personal accident that was launched under jan suraksha yojana launched in ...

muthoot finance limited mfl , the largest gold financing company in india, today announced the public issue of 25,00,000 secured ...

not getting a banking licence would have limited immediate impact on the operations of sks, but over the long run it will affect ...

rajan said consumer inflation eased to a record low of 3.66% in august due to a favourable base effect or else it would have been ...

rbi governor rahguram rajan today said the us federal reserve was impelled to hold near-zero rates again due to the emerging ...

the niche banks - small finance and payments banks -have been set up to further the regulator s objective of deepening financial ...

inflows rise both from people who send money to households back-home each month and those who repatriate savings sensing ...

irdai would look to have indian executives in all top posts including chairman, chief executive and actuarial underwriting ...

kotak mahindra old mutual life insurance ltd is looking at a 25 per cent growth in its new premium business as against the rs ...

foreign partners role in indian insurance companies will have to face a tougher test of the regulator. insurance regulatory and ...

suvidhaa infoserve announced that it had acquired a mobile point of sale device, along with its intellectual property rights, on ...

bank of maharashtra has launched a soil and water health card which will help farmers ascertain the nutrient status of their farm ...

mangalore-based corporation bank expects to get a capital infusion of rs 857 crore by the government by september this year. ...

set stiff terms for fresh loans for bond repayments may ask promoters to pledge more of their holding could insert a strategic ...

nhb will work with rbi to address issues like loan retention and capital requirement, national housing bank md and ceo sriram ...

rbi has been boosting its foreign exchange reserves by purchasing dollars from the market in a bid to reduce volatility in the ...

at a press conference, nafcub chairman m l abyankar alleged this would amount to handing over the 100-year-old cooperative ...

finance minister arun jaitley today said consolidation of weaker state-run banks with stronger ones will be the next step if some ...

the union cabinet is expected to take a decision tomorrow on permitting 100% foreign direct investment (fdi) in white labelled ...

state-run indian overseas bank (iob) has launched rupay mudra debit card under the pradhan mantri mudra yojna, targeting the ...

describing rbi s decision to designate only two lenders -- sbi and icici -- as systemically important as credit negative for ...

the loan growth of state bank of hyderabad is unlikely to cross 4-5% during current financial year due to the large scale ...

retirement fund body epfo is likely to increase the maximum amount assured under its employees deposit linked insurance scheme ...

hdfc bank ltd has rolled out dhanchayat in odisha. dhanchayat is an educational film created by the bank to raise awareness ...

the reserve bank has removed indusind bank from its caution list, allowing foreign investors to buy further shares in the ...

sinha said slow growth, excess capacity, declining population and increase in labour force are responsible for deflationary trend ...

the case between sbi life insurance and insurance regulatory and development authority of india (irdai) that was now with the ...

fitch ratings today said that rbi declaring only icici bank and sbi as domestic systemically important banks (dsibs) reflects in ...

retail business head pralay mondal get addl charge of commercial business banking rajanish prabhu to lead bank s entry into ...

the bcbs further required all member countries to have a regulatory framework to deal with domestic systemically important banks ...

the deficit monsoon has hit the new premium income of india s top life insurer life insurance corporation (lic) in uttar pradesh ...

yes bank today said it will enter the credit card space by june and has appointed former hdfc bank executive rajanish prabhu to ...

sbi, icici named systemically important banks in india and required to maintain higher levels of capital both rule out need for ...

the government plans to change the reserve bank of india act before the end of the fiscal year so it can set up a new committee ...

indicating an imminent rate cut, rbi governor raghuram rajan has said inflation has come down to the comfort zone quicker than ...

even as the new insurance law has an enabling provision for allowing five public sector general insurers to go public, the ...

microfinance institutions (mfis) saw a healthy 69 per cent growth in their gross loan portfolio at rs 42,106 crore in the ...

irdai has asked insurers to comply with additional investment conditions for gilt-etfs, requiring them to invest in a basket of ...

the sector could witness a growth of upwards of 20%, aided by new product launches in the two-wheeler and four-wheeler space ...

rbi s annual report said that the average fortnightly issuances of cds decreased to rs 29,700 cr during 2014-15 from rs 30,600 cr ...

scheduled commercial banks credit growth slowed to 8.6 per cent in quarter ended june against the 12.9 per cent in the same ...

sbi chief arundhathi bhattacharya today said the government needs to think about ways and means to sustain social security ...

public sector banks (psbs) have missed their priority sector lending (psl) targets once again. according to the reserve bank of ...

the regulator had said in may that with effect from september 1, all new cards issued should be emv chip and pin-based, for ...

the growth of private sector lenders has outpaced that of their peers and have managed to grab more market share, according to a ...

to allow new subscribers avail nps scheme online, the pension fund regulator pfrda is working on an alternative to know kyc ...

the report added that apart from the banks, since no other stakeholders are interested in resolving the case, it delays the ...

rbi has once again pointed out that there is mismatch in the rate at which the central bank reduced the key policy rates and ...

of the total rs 90,245 crore advanced to the priority and non-priority sectors as on june, 2015, rs 7,759 crore loans have turned ...

largest private lender icici bank today launched the country s first mortgage guarantee-backed home loan product that will expand ...

any exercise to reshape the legislative architecture of financial sector should evolve organically, starting with an ...

rbi dy governor cites concerns about consumer protection, grievance redressal, disaster recovery and business stability plans for ...

indian overseas bank (iob) has informed the exchanges that its committee of directors fixed the issue price at rs 41.37 per ...

private sector lender yes bank today said rbi has approved re-appointment of rana kapoor as md and ceo of the bank. pursuant to ...

even as they sit on mountains of bad loans, two large public sector lenders--pnb and idbi bank-- today said they are not planning ...

global factors like fallout of china s move to devalue its currency and clarity on the us fed action may impact rbi s policy ...

a day after the biggest-ever plunge in markets, rbi deputy governor s s mundra sought to allay fears saying the problems are ...

days after rbi governor raghuram rajan flagged concerns on emerging financial instruments, including crowd-funding, his deputy s ...

after a lull in asset sales markets in the past few quarters wherein state-run banks failed to dispose of their troubled loans, ...

as criticism about the misuse of the recently-formed joint lenders forum (jlf) mounts, governor raghuram rajan today said the ...

at a time when the rupee has been volatile, the reserve bank of india (rbi) governor raghuram rajan assured the street that the ...

as stocks and rupee hit new lows, reserve bank governor raghuram rajan today allayed fears citing strong macroeconomic ...

interest rate cuts should only be delivered after sustained low inflation, and not as goodies doled out after public pleading, ...

aditya puri-led bank feels its presence in global ifcs like dubai, bahrain and hong kong is enough to take care of its overseas ...

retirement fund body epfo would invest more funds in equity markets only if the performance of its investments in stocks is ...

the life insurance industry is bearing the brunt of a 90 per cent fall in pension business due to a special tax treatment for the ...

the newly-launched bandhan bank will fund lakhs of small and medium entrepreneurs, create jobs and act as a response to agrarian ...

finance minister arun jaitley inaugurated the bandhan bank at a function in kolkata s science city auditorium on ...

four public sector banks, including pnb and bob, today sought shareholders approval for capital infusion of rs 5,934 crore by ...

such banks can collect deposits (initially up to rs 1 lakh per individual), do internet banking, facilitate money transfers, and ...

all indian bank employees association (aibea) has opposed grant of license to payments banks alleging that this is nothing but a ...

it czar and former uidai chief nandan nilekani today said india is witnessing a whatsapp like movement in the finance sector ...

hoping that the npa situation will improve in the coming quarters, finance minister arun jaitley today said an all-out effort has ...

will finalise note for investment approval of rs 300-400 crore subsidiary to be created for the venture to leverage national ...

banks have to set aside money out of deposits for statutory liquidity ratio (slr), cash reserve ratio (crr) and give loans under ...

the government today issued norms for selection of mds and ceos in public sector banks (psbs), other than the five large ...

finance minister arun jaitley is likely to meet heads of psu banks in the first half of next month, days after the government ...

country s largest lender state bank of india today expressed concerns about giving fresh loans to accounts which have become non ...

reserve bank governor raghuram rajan today said it is closely monitoring the crowdfunding space to check if it poses any ...

reserve bank governor raghuram rajan today said there is a pick up in the economy and expressed hope that rural demand will get ...

having secured rbi s nod to set up a payments bank, the department of posts has said it is open for partnership in this new ...

after granting approval to 11 entities for payments banks, rbi today said it will announce small finance bank licences next month ...

reliance, airtel, aditya birla nuvo, vodafone, tech mahindra, nsdl, cholamandalam investment were among the 11 entities that got ...

rbi granting payments bank licences is a significant step which will bring in more money into the system and spread the reach of ...

vodafone india today said the payments bank licence will enable it offer a comprehensive portfolio of banking and financial ...

armed with a payments bank licence now, the postal department should gear up to become a vehicle of financial inclusion in the ...

state-run andhra bank plans to raise rs 3,000 crore through various instruments including qualified institutional placements as ...

state-run corporation bank today cut base rate or minimum lending rate by 0.10 per cent, a move which will lead to lower emis for ...

finance minister arun jaitley today praised state bank of india saying it has become the market leader despite the constraints ...

it was about 72 years ago that in january 1943, foundation stone of the united commercial bank ltd, now uco bank, was laid in ...

life insurance corporation (lic) today announced the launch of its new unit linked insurance plan (ulip) lic new endowment ...

accountability framework was one of the area in which the government proposed a new framework in order to measure performance of ...

pitching for a transformation at public sector banks to evolve a sales and service culture , pnb s newly appointed chief usha ...

union finance minister arun jaitley today launched state bank of india s mobile wallet- state bank buddy in collaboration with ...

with inflation under control, lending rates will gradually come down as india is moving towards softer interest rate environment, ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) will launch a new unit-linked insurance plan (ulip) tomorrow, 19 months after its ...

a six-pronged strategy, talked about as super six in sbi s corridors, was laid out by bhattacharya to tackle a mini-crisis of ...

sluggish trade data amid highly volatile global currency market sentiment in the aftermath of china s yuan devaluation ...

on friday, it ended at 65.01 from thursday s 65.11. it had opened at 65.18 and during intra-day trade, touched a low of 65.31

the seven-pronged psu banks revival plan indradhanush could help the lenders register higher growth rate than earlier ...

having appointed private sector professionals to head two large public sector banks (psbs), the finance ministry today said ...

the state-owned lender has also assigned all senior officials up to the rank of deputy general manager the job of mentoring four ...

financial services secretary hasmukh adhia has said the selection of non-executive chairman in the remaining six public sector ...

repatriates cooperative finance and development bank (repco bank) gave an amount of rs 15.26 crore as dividend to the government ...

the rupee is expected to weaken further this week due to dollar buying by importers. there are concerns on the street the yuan ...

state-owned oriental bank of commerce (obc) slashed minimum lending rate -- the base rate -- by 0.1 per cent to 9.90 per cent, a ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has revised the number of transactions qualify for agency commission it pays to banks for ...

government may push amendments to the rbi act in the winter session of parliament for setting up a public debt management agency ...

bank of maharashtra today reported 49.55% fall in net profit at rs 59.44 crore for the quarter ended june 30, hurt by sharp ...

the lender said that the amount raised will be used to support the growth and will also help in augmenting the capital adequacy ...

reserve bank today asked income tax assessees to pay their income tax dues in advance at rbi or any authorised bank branches ...

the high level committee constituted by the reserve bank of india to re-examine and recommend more efficient working ways for the ...

move by people s bank of china resulted in devaluation of yuan against dollar by 1.9% taking it to lowest point in almost three ...

on a day the rupee fell the most in two months on the back of china depreciating its currency, finance secretary rajiv mehrishi ...

ifmr capital, from the ifmr group, has executed the issuance of senior secured non-convertible debentures aggregating to rs 150 ...

state lender state bank of india today reported a 10% rise in q1 net profit at rs 3,692 crore, beating analyst estimates, as bad ...

the ministry had said that psbs as of now are adequately capitalised, but would need rs 1.8 lakh crore extra capital over the ...

government bonds today attracted bids of rs 974 crore from foreign investors against rs 556 crore worth of securities put on ...

number of mobile banking users globally is forecasted to double to1.8 billion, over 25% of the world s population, in the next ...

jammu kashmir bank today reported 22% rise in net profit at rs 158.76 crore for the first quarter ended june 30, 2015, ...

in their bid to take on rising competition, public sector general insurers have unveiled a succession planning by promoting their ...

a parliamentary panel has recommended making at least 15% public sector banks (psbs) branches all-women offices to provide safe ...

he also said that rbi would like to see as to how banks pass on the benefit of earlier rate cuts to customers before it goes in ...

state-run central bank of india today reported a marginal 6 per cent rise in net profit at rs 203 crore in the june quarter on ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority of india (irdai) may soon allow general insurance companies to use the ...

this capital requirement will be over and above the estimated up to rs 2.40 lakh crore needed by the psbs to meet the basel-iii ...

however, banks must ensure banking needs continue to be met through satellite offices mobile vans or through business ...

governemnt bonds advanced, with the 10-year yield falling the most in three weeks on speculation the recent decline in oil prices ...

bangalore headquartered canara bank has set a business target of rs 11,000 crore in the state to be achieved by the end of this ...

seeking to root out black money, sebi has written to some large wealth managers in low-tax centres to try and bring them under ...

private life insurer hdfc life today announced the launch of a new sales channel to take life insurance to semi-urban and rural ...

sbi life insurance has launched a new product, smart humsafar , a plan which offers multiple benefits of savings and insurance ...

indian banks may need up to 1 trillion rupees ($15.7 billion) to manage the risks from their exposure to debt-stressed companies, ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority of india (irdai) is planning to simplify the approval process for online ...

yes bank today said it has raised rs 315 crore through issuance of green infrastructure bonds to international finance ...

this comes as a big relief to insurers who had sought clarification from insurance regulatory and development authority of india ...

public sector player oriental bank of commerce (obc) today reduced deposit rates for select maturities. oriental bank of ...

bankers today ruled out any immediate lowering of interest rates even as the reserve bank today rapped them for not fully passing ...

more than 27.31 lakh pieces of fake indian currency notes (ficn), with face value of rs 136.43 crore, were seized in three years ...

life insurance corporation (lic) has collected over rs 230 crore premium for the varishtha pension bima yojana (vpby) in the ...

signaling truce with the government over who should decide interest rates, rbi governor raghuram rajan today appeared to favour ...

india s central bank policy review is expected to yield little in the way of action on tuesday, but its statement will be pored ...

research firm moody s analytics today said the reserve bank is likely to cut the benchmark rate by 0.25% in its monetary policy ...

all the major banks have effected deposit rate cuts in the past 8-10 months and in some cases, there have been multiple instances ...

most media houses went by the revised release as anyway they were not present at the function and did not know what rajan had ...

three private insurers representatives including reliance life, bharti axa life, pnb metlife elected lic head to become ...

all banks which have have reported their april-june quarter numbers so far have said the growth in advances has been mainly ...

icici bank, india s biggest private sector lender by assets, reported a 12% rise in quarterly profit, beating estimates, and its ...

in an unusual move, the finance ministry has nominated ajay taygi, additional secretary in the department of economic affairs to ...

rising bad loans have taken a toll on profitability of lenders, with several banks including bob, dena bank, obc and kotak ...

public sector dena bank s net profit plunged 81.4 per cent to rs 15.16 crore in the first quarter ended june 30 in the current ...

state-owned vijaya bank today reported 11.6 per cent decline in net profit at rs 142.59 crore for the first quarter ended june ...

the rating agency says the root causes of revenue gap - transmission losses and insufficient tariffs - have not been properly ...

reserve bank deputy governor s s mundra today said initial trends from banks first quarter results indicate some stability on ...

reserve bank of india deputy governor s. s. mundra said the latest april-june earnings from state-owned lenders showed ...

according to dbs, besides the p-notes issue, other domestic factor weighing on market is the unproductive monsoon parliament ...

said a lot of policy-making is done without understanding the general equilibrium which is often the key contribution that an ...

among steel companies, debt-heavy electrosteel steels ltd said on monday its lenders would restructure its loans, while bhushan ...

saddled with bad loans, pnb today said it has reported to rbi 400 wilful defaulters , and plans to sell non performing assets ...

public sector lender union bank of india today reported a 22% decline in net profit at rs 518.78 crore for the first quarter ...

axis bank today signed a usd 200-million, seven-year bilateral loan agreement with the asian development bank. the loan will ...

integration of bandhan s microfinance business into formal banking, is being meticulously planned and executed in a layered ...

with softening of rates in the corporate bond market, housing finance firms are preferring bond issuances over bank loans and ...

andhra bank today reported a 89.27 per cent jump in net profit at rs 202.52 crore for the first quarter ended june 30, 2015, on ...

the bank of baroda (bob) has set a lending target of rs 75,000 crore towards micro, small and medium enterprises (msme) for ...

rating agency icra today said concerns on inflation are ebbing and the reserve bank should slash the key rates at the forthcoming ...

idfc ltd said on friday the reserve bank of india had granted banking licence to the financial company, making it the second ...

lakshmi vilas bank (lvb) is planning to raise around rs 350 crore through qualified institutional placement (qip) or other modes, ...

irdai is set to bring out a host of new norms to conform to the new insurance act which was passed law makers in the budget ...

the reserve bank has removed restrictions placed on foreign investors to buy shares in public sector lender bank of baroda, as ...

indian bank today reported a 4 per cent increase in its net profit at rs 215.28 crore for the first quarter ended june 30. the ...

lakshmi vilas bank today reported a 42.98% jump in net profit at rs 40.25 crore for the first quarter ended june 30, 2015, ...

riding high on motor and fire premia and government-run social security schemes, the general insurance industry grew 12.5 per ...

regulator concerned at scale of borrowers using the subsidised money for other purposes wants to assess extent and how to check ...

in a major reshuffle of its top deck, standard chartered bank today appointed ajay kanwal as head of the asean south asia ...

concerned over diversion of agricultural lending for unintended purposes reserve bank of india has begun probe to get to the ...

yields on government securities reversed their trajectory after rbi announced a hawkish stance in its bimonthly policy review in ...

to push institutional investors into greater engagement in governance matters of listed firms, a high-level advisory body of ...

country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today said it is not expecting a rate cut by rbi in the monetary policy review ...

banks are planning to slow purchases of government securities until the end of september, executives and analysts say, after a ...

state bank of india (sbi) today said it plans to offer up to 3 per cent of annual profit to employees as part a talent retention ...

they were found manipulating the bidding process initiated by govt of kerala for selecting an insurance service provider for ...

vietnam s eximbank will disburse any loans under india s $300 million credit for projects which use indian-made equipment with ...

the government today sanctioned an additional rs 700 crore for the recapitalisation of weak regional rural banks (rrbs) and ...

raising capital is expected to pose new set of challenges as banks grow at a faster pace than the economy. for banks, capital ...

south-based lender lakshmi vilas bank today cut deposit rates in two buckets by up to 0.30 per cent. the bank reduced the rate ...

payment banks will provide basic savings, deposit, payment and remittance services to people who currently do not have a bank ...

expressing confidence that india s securitisation market is revving up for a take-off , rbi s deputy governor r gandhi today ...

yes bank has received approval from rbi to set up ifsc banking units (ibus) in gujarat international finance tec (gift) ...

banks should consult each other and jointly decide on the timing to raise fresh capital from the market, reserve bank of india ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor s s mundra today said that foreign exchange reserves are reasonable to deal with the ...

irked over stringent auditing of its financial results for the quarter ended march, 2015, state-run lender bank of india (boi) ...

government bonds fell, pushing the 10-year yield up by the most in two weeks, on speculation a central bank plan to sell debt ...

dena bank has planned to increase its vehicle finance portfolio and is especially focussing on the used car segment.of late, the ...

this would provide an opportunity for foreign banks, which have limited branch base, to lend in agriculture, says rbi deputy ...

with the usd 100-billion new development bank (ndb) of the five brics nations taking shape, the fixed shareholding quota of india ...

confident that icici bank will keep scaling greater heights, former chairman k v kamath has said the bank is in great hands ...

state bank of india, which has received muted response for online auction of distressed commercial assets in the past, is ...

private sector lender axis bank expects a loan growth of 14 per cent this fiscal on the back of economic and investment ...

doha bank, one of the largest commercial banks of qatar, is looking at the possibility of setting up a subsidiary in india, an ...

icici bank ltd , india s biggest private sector lender by assets, said on friday it keeps receiving enquiries from potential ...

the bank, which the brics countries see as an alternative to the world bank, will have its capital expanded to $100 billion ...

bank of baroda (bob) today reduced base rate or the minimum lending rate by 0.1 per cent, a move that will bring down emis for ...

the all-india bank employees association (aibea) today threatened a nation-wide strike call on september 2 to protest against the ...

foreign equity investment cap of 49% is applicable to all indian insurance companies as per earlier definitions by fipb in their ...

life insurers are now taking help from credit information companiesto ascertain details given by customers at the time of ...

ubs examines 100 potentially stressed companies covering around $100 bn in loans to understand the exposure and lending practices ...

mid-sized private sector lender yes bank today said that it has raised rs 554 crore through a tier-ii bond issue. the 10-year ...

though the feature is currently available only for iphone users, within three months, the bank is looking at launching this ...

according to bofa-ml, with inflation well on track to its under six per cent january 2016 target, a 50-basis point rate cut is ...

state-run idbi bank today said it has signed an agreement with mudra bank for refinancing of loans given to small ...

while this is a concern for treasurers across industry sectors, it is higher in the consumer business and the energy and ...

the worst would be over for banks as the outlook for this financial year looks better, on account of a more favourable economic ...

with questions being raised about a usd one-billion debt market investment of deutsche bank and others, financial regulators rbi ...

even as big-ticket loan demand continues to be tepid, private sector lender kotak mahindra bank is confident of maintaining up to ...

riding on the booming e-commerce space and increasing adoption of non-cash transactions, the combined share of sbi and its five ...

life insurance corporation, which has seen its market share steeply falling below the 70 per cent mark last fiscal for the first ...

finance minister arun jaitley is leaving for russia on monday evening to participate in the inaugural meeting of the brics-backed ...

the bank has three branches in the country at mumbai and kochi and is also planning a subsidiary in india to scale up its ...

public sector lender united bank of india today announced a cut of 0.25 per cent in deposit rates across various maturities. the ...

firms now employing specalists in probe teams, creating red flags in motor health insurance, tracking social media for ...

the commerce and industry ministry has called a meeting of public sector banks on july 10 to discuss issues related with ...

the government will soon appoint new heads of major public sector banks, rbi governor raghuram rajan said today. the government ...

country s largest lender state bank of india is moderating pace of opening brick and mortar branches as it steps up thrust on ...

the fourth largest private sector lender kotak mahindra bank (kmb) today cut its base rate by 0.10 per cent to 9.75, joining its ...

the foreign investment promotion board (fipb) on friday will take up for the fourth time the proposal of kotak mahindra bank for ...

the finance ministry is working on a comprehensive package to help state-run banks, which are saddled with huge bad loans, ...

the rbi deputy governor stresses on strong co-relation between financial inclusion, financial literacy and consumer protection to ...

the country s total external debt rose 6.6% to $475.8 billion during 2014-15 from $446.3 billion in 2013-14

bs reporterhyderabad, 30 june trying first time ever to fire up book reading habit of its customers, kotak mahindra bank has ...

south-based private sector lender lakshmi vilas bank (lvb) today cut its minimum rate of lending by 0.15 per cent to 10.95 per ...

country s largest private sector lender icici bank today said it sees no impact of the greek debt crisis on the bank as it has no ...

noting opposition from psbs, regulator believes this isn t the time to push its draft proposal however, exclusive arrangements ...

showing an anti-consumer bias in the indian banks approach on interest rates, a new imf study shows they are faster in effecting ...

in the city of hyderabad, an affluent customer of bajaj allianz general insurance, was hospitalised with viral pyrexia and ...

however, lender says it has acted totally within regulations says its board of directors okayed the said excess in respect of ...

stating that banks and financial institutions are easy prey for fraudsters, rbi s deputy governor r gandhi has asked banks to ...

mid-sized private sector lender yes bank has said it would prefer raising money through an adr issue under its usd 1-billion ...

the top-30 defaulters are sitting on bad loans of rs 93,769 cr, which is more than one-third of the gross non-performing assets ...

the imf working paper says absence of an effective regulatory framework aimed at preserving financial stability was the reason ...

union minister ravi shankar prasad on saturday said he expects reserve bank of india (rbi) to grant payment licence to the ...

the papers cancelled were the 7.35% 2024, the 7.95% 2032 and the 8.17% 2044

hdfc bank has projected india s gross value added (gva) to grow by 7.8 per cent in 2015-16 if the monsoon rain is better than ...

rbi said at its june policy review that it would monitor the rains impact on inflation to determine whether it cuts interest ...

according to b.s. bhandari, member, pfrda, beside nps and epfo, there are gratuity funds, super annuity funds and provident funds ...

state-run banks are currently sufficiently capitalised, but it would be better if the government injects them with more capital ...

on wednesday, rbi governor raghuram rajan had said in stockholm that the indian economy would see through any impact of the ...

the matter of non-sharing of inspection reports was discussed during a meeting of economic intelligence council headed by arun ...

largest private sector lender icici bank today marginally reduced its base rate to 9.70 per cent from 9.75 per cent earlier, ...

the finance ministry has asked public sector banks to submit their immediate and mid-term capital requirement from the government ...

indian promoters of insurance companies and brokers may have to have separate structures for these subsidiaries in order for them ...

the insurers and the tpas have been asked by the regulator to mandate the hospitals to reflect such agreed discounts in the final ...

karnataka bank ltd has entered into an mou with edelweiss integrated commodity management limited for extending storage ...

the goverment s plan to infuse about rs 57,000 crore in public sector banks in two years is credit positive for the banks, rating ...

praising the positive role being played by public sector banks, finance minister arun jaitley today said the government has not ...

non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) are increasingly looking at providing loans to micro, small and medium enterprises (msmes), ...

insurers had a tough business period in the 2014-15 financial year owing to macroeconomic conditions and slowdown in automobile ...

united bank of india is mulling at shifting its treasury department to the financial capital of the country in order to stay ...

as many as 11 candidates have been shortlisted by a panel headed by rbi governor raghuram rajan for the post of ceo and md of ...

the country s foreign exchange reserves rose to yet another all-time high of $354.29 billion for the week ended june 12, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has fixed the rate of interest on the floating rate bonds, 2020 (frb, 2020), applicable for the ...

indian benchmark government bond yields have hardened back to january levels despite three interest rate cuts this year, a shift ...

gold loan companies are reaping the benefits of lower cost of funding as banks have been cutting their lending rates in the last ...

german lender deutsche bank today reported a 93 per cent jump in profit from its indian branches at rs 1,406 crore for financial ...

country s second-largest private sector lender, hdfc bank today launched a 10-second paperless instant loan plan for its existing ...

kolkata-based microfinance company bandhan is set to become india s newest commercial bank. here are a few things to know about ...

one of the reasons why private bankers don t head a public sector bank is the lack of autonomy, according to banking industry ...

idfc, which is targeting full-fledged debut as bank by october, today said it is working on a binary strategy that will entail ...

after a detailed assessment that took into account 14 components, the basel committee on banking supervision said india complies ...

vijayalaxmi r iyer has joined the insurance regulatory and development authority of india as whole time member (finance ...

an inter-ministerial panel today deferred decision for the second time on kotak mahindra bank s proposal for raising foreign ...

asking all to get rid of the myth that the country s second-largest private sector lender targets 30 per cent growth in its ...

india post, which has started issuing personalised debit cards to its savings account holders, is planning to issue 5 lakh new ...

after underperforming in 2014-15, state-owned life insurance corporation (lic) has improved its performance in april by recording ...

the finance ministry is likely to finalise additional capital requirement, over and above budget provision of about rs 8,000 ...

in a first for state-owned banks, candidates from private sector banks have been shortlisted for interviews, for the post of ceo ...

the credit offtake remains tepid. loans grew by 10.2% year-on-year till may 15, against 13.2% in the year-ago period, according ...

seeking to pump in additional capital into state-owned banks, the finance ministry today held a meeting with heads of three ...

emis of home, auto and other loans are likely to come down further with finance minister arun jaitley today saying that banks ...

more than half of a record 160 million accounts opened in india as part of a drive to offer banking to all are still empty, ...

increasing focus on retail, a strong corporate book and enam acquisition help the stock outperform the banking index by a wide ...

the reserve bank today allowed non-resident indians (nris) to invest in chit funds on non-repatriation basis without any ceiling, ...

in a first for india s psu banks, candidates from private sector banks have been shortlisted for next week s interviews for the ...

the reserve bank today said rs 7,940 crore earmarked for recapitalisation of psu banks in the current fiscal is not adequate and ...

reserve bank today made a case for developing better strategies to deal with the problem of bad loans as hiding them would ...

a day ahead of a meeting between finance minister arun jaitley and top bankers, private sector lender yes bank today joined its ...

a planned $1.2 billion capital infusion by the government into state-run lenders during the fiscal year to march 2016 will not be ...

private sector lender indusind bank is planning to sell shares worth $750 million (rs 4,800 crore).for this, it has hired morgan ...

the yield on the 10-year benchmark bond ended at 8.03% compared with previous close of 7.97%.

the insurance regulatory and development authority of india (irdai) today asked companies to correct pricing anomalies of ...

mangaluru-based private sector lender karnataka bank is aiming at an agriculture advances portfolio of rs 6,115 crore during ...

india ranks among the top 10 countries when it comes to natural disaster risks according to bajaj allianz. and with natural ...

sbi life insurance has introduced connect life , a tablet-based service which gives choice to the customer while purchasing a ...

the rising npa estimate for fy16 is primarily driven by a greater proportion of assets restructured in the past slipping into ...

an increased focus on using technology for loan approval and disbursal is in line with the bank s aim to become digitised in the ...

finance minister arun jaitley will meet the heads of public sector banks on june 12 to review the banks annual performance and ...

reserve bank is all set to issue first set of licences for small and payment banks in the next two months, a move aimed at ...

competition commission of india (cci) has rejected allegations of unfair business practices against bank of baroda in a matter ...

former finance minister yashwant sinha on friday cautioned banks to desist from evergreening of loans or restructuring of debts ...

kotak mahindra bank and ing bank have joined hands for exploring opportunities arising from cross-border business, investment and ...

private sector kotak mahindra bank today inked a pact with ing bank for exploring opportunities arising from cross-border ...

the government is set to overhaul annual targets for public sector lenders this month, ending a focus on size that has long ...

psb targetsthe annual business target structure for public sector banks (psbs) is set to be overhauled, with more focus on ...

banking operations were severely hit as workers struck work in five associate banks of the state bank of india across the country ...

employees of state bank of india s associate banks, including state bank of mysore, state bank of patiala, state bank of ...

state-owned punjab national bank (pnb) today slashed interest rate on fixed deposits by 0.25 per cent on select maturities, a ...

state bank of india (sbi), the nation s top lender by assets, said on tuesday it will cut its base lending rate by 15 basis ...

rbi today said capital should be infused to that public sector banks that have exhibited greater resolve to clean up their ...

first off the blocks, state-owned allahabad bank today cut its base rate or minimum lending rate by 0.3 per cent within hours of ...

the first set of new banking licences will be issued by august, taking the number of such private financial institutions ...

if the lockers are available, one can book immediately. else, one will be issued a wait-list number and can avail facility if ...

apart from the priority sector lending norms, the lender was also facing tepid response from corporates in the last two-three ...

apple tops the chart with a brand value of $246.9 bn, followed by google with $173.6 bn and microsoft with $115.5 bn

rbi is expected to cut its policy rate on tuesday to prop up economic activity and boost investment as inflation remains low and ...

lender believes with more customers moving on to online platform for research, it is integral to have an online presence at every ...

you call up your bank. the customer executive asks you for your name and other details. as you speak, a software in the ...

indian banks loans rose 10.2 percent in the two weeks to may 15 from a year earlier, while deposits rose 11.9 percent, the ...

the circular asks banks to encourage large agricultural borrowers such as commodity processors, traders, millers, aggregations, ...

out of total outstanding advances of rs 94,755 cr made to various sectors by the banks, rs 7,830 cr (8.26%) loans have turned npa ...

fipb today deferred a proposal of kotak mahindra bank to increase foreign investment limit to 55 per cent. we have not ...

bankers say the reserve bank of india should take steps to boost liquidity in addition to delivering a widely expected interest ...

insurance regulatory and development authority of india (irdai) has said that foreign reinsurers wanting to set up branch offices ...

the reserve bank is likely to slash the benchmark interest rate by 0.25 per cent to stimulate demand, with retail inflation at ...

the reserve bank is likely to cut policy rates by 0.25 per cent in its upcoming policy review meet next week, a citigroup report ...

sbi general insurance posted a 33 per cent growth in premium income for fy15. the insurer collected premiums of rs 1,577 crore ...

the bank has convened an annual general meeting on june 26 to seek approval from shareholders for the proposed capital raising ...

state-run corporation bank today cut base rate or minimum lending rate by 0.25 percentage point to 10 per cent, a move which will ...

pay revision details okayed for 2012-17, arrears to be paid from this month total extra payout to staff will be rs 8,300 crore a ...

a 50 bps cut in crr will release rs 40,000 cr in the system, which could earn interest income and help in protecting interest ...

a recovery in india s credit growth could elude the country s banks until early 2016, despite an economy that in the first three ...

afsl is strategically important to dhfl and its promoters, as they have identified education finance as a long-term, high growth ...

many private non-life insurers appear to be shying away from the modi government s newly launched ambitious social security ...

maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis today said action will be taken against banks that do not distribute the financial ...

hiring in banking sector is expected to go up to 25 per cent this year on the back of a growing economy, policy overhauls and ...

mindful of the impact of frauds on banks financials, the reserve bank of india (rbi) will soon set up a central fraud registry ...

bank of india business debit mastercard, platinum credit mastercard and international travel mastercard will help enhance the ...

while numbers have risen, average daily transaction at each is falling, for various reasons, raising viability issues for ...

manufacturers traders on online retailers to get loans payment solution portal to help with overseas donation for govt ...

telematics is a western concept that was introduced to understand the usage of the car including the speed at which it is being ...

india needs to privatise and change the character of its state-owned banks which have massive level of bad loans that have become ...

the uk-based payment processing giant worldpay has partnered with indusind bank to offer acquiring services in india. the ...

the spectre of deflation is spurring the world s major central banks into a dangerous struggle for stronger domestic growth ...

repeated incidents of earthquakes in eastern and northern regions of the country have pushed up the demand for home insurance ...

state-owned syndicate bank today said it will raise up to rs 5,550 crore from a mix of equity and bond to meet its capital ...

federal bank and sbi card, one of india s leading credit card issuer announced their collaboration to launch federal bank-sbi ...

finance minister arun jaitley will meet psu bankers to discuss stake sale plans and the problem of rising bad loans which have ...

g padmanabhan said there was also a threat of contagion from disturbance in global financial markets in capital account ...

as per rules, every insurer, who begins to carry on insurance business has to ensure that it undertakes social, rural sector ...

n amid the hullabaloo surrounding financial inclusion, which is about extending banking facilities to the unbanked, recent data ...

out of the total credit, micro units are assisted with rs 9,559 crore, small enterprises are financed to the tune of rs 8,188 ...

as it scales up presence in china, india s top private sector lender icici bank today said there is also enough space for chinese ...

maharashtra tops the list in generating non-life premium, while new delhi has emerged as number one in general insurance density ...

state-run lender ubi does not see a remarkable turnaround in the bank unless industrial activity picks up in the iron and steel ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) s government bond auction worth rs 16,000 crore devolved partially on primary dealers due to lack ...

rbi informed the council about the measures being taken at banks for timely detection of fraud. the council took note of the ...

india s banking system may not yet have seen the peak in bad loans, the reserve bank of india governor raghuram rajan said on ...

indian bank has registered a fall of 24 per cent in its net profit at rs 206.16 crore in the quarter ended march 31 as it ...

india s largest private sector lender icici bank is set to expand its chinese presence with the opening of a branch this weekend ...

certain loan categories such as medium enterprises, social infrastructure and renewable energy, qualify as psl, according to the ...

findings show that compared to other channels like bancassurance, customers who bought through agents have weaker perceptions ...

the reserve bank of india s limited intervention during the rupee s slide to 20-month lows against the dollar shows it welcomes a ...

stressed borrowers and slow credit growth will force india s commercial banks to yield to pressure from the central bank and do ...

officials of the state bank of mysore (sbm) held discussions with industrialists of mysuru in the weekend on the current ...

state-run bank of baroda s standalone net profit declined by 48 per cent to rs 598.35 crore for the quarter ended march 31. ...

bond yields might trade with a rising bias this week and the crucial data for the market is the retail inflation data for april ...

we are a working couple and looking for a loan of rs 50 lakh. we can repay the loan in five years time, from our annual bonuses. ...

state-owned lenders remain dominant players in india s banking system with sbi group alone accounting for about a quarter of the ...

state-run lender punjab national bank today reported a whopping 62 per cent decline in its standalone net profit to rs 306.56 ...

punjab national bank, india s fifth-biggest lender by assets, said quarterly net profit fell 62% as provisions for bad loans were ...

canara bank has entered into an mou with lic for offering pmjjby insurance cover and united india insurance co ltd for pmsby ...

iifl posted a 62% growth year on year in consolidated net profit for the fourth quarter ended march 31, 2015 at rs 131.7 crore. ...

star union dai-ichi life insurance company limited reported its maiden profit of rs 12.87 crore, in fy15, in its sixth full year ...

sbi associate bank state bank of bikaner jaipur (sbbj) is planning to raise capital of rs 700 crore in the current fiscal ...

joining its peers, punjab national bank (pnb) today cut its base rate by 0.25 per cent to 10 per cent, which will lead to lower ...

the plans have a cover of rs 2 lakh each, with a premium of only rs 12 a year for accident insurance and rs 330 for the life ...

there are eight vacancies for this slot at various public sector banks including punjab national bank, bank of baroda, syndicate ...

banks are likely to witness up to 50 per cent increase in attrition this year compared to last year as new players entering the ...

the securities appellate tribunal (sat) has served a notice to insurance regulatory and development authority of india (irdai) in ...

bank of india, union bank of india and allahabad bank -- have sought exemption from payment of dividend citing higher ...

state-owned bank of india on saturday reduced the base rate or the benchmark lending rate by 0.25 per cent to 9.95 per cent which ...

new india assurance, the country s largest general insurer, is looking to expand its portfolio with a new miscellaneous product. ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) s foreign exchange reserves rose to an all-time high of $344.61 billion for the week ended april ...

well down from fy14 and across sectors and segments export credit shrank 11.9%, loans to individuals kept 15.4-15.5% pace

nbfcs are allowed to act as agents of its customers, forwarding their applications for purchase and sale of mutual fund units and ...

mumbai, 30 aprilgovernment bonds recorded their worst month since september 2013 due to concern rising oil prices and the ...

an inter-ministerial panel today deferred kotak mahindra bank s proposal for raising foreign investment limit in the bank to 55 ...

the rbi, in november 2013, had released a framework for large foreign banks with over 20 branches to convert into wholly-owned ...

in an effort to help banks facing asset quality woes and to revive investments in the critical infra sector, the government today ...

private life insurance player, aegon religare life insurance (aegon religare) is planning to expand its product portfolio by ...

state-run bank of india today opened its bond issue to raise $750 million (about rs 4,750 crore) under its medium-term notes ...

irdai has asked insurers to handle policyholder grievances with seriousness, promptness and empathy to enhance the trust and ...

classification of priority sector lending assets and minimum margin fixed for these also reduced assets qualifying for ...

the bank recently completed the rs 15,000-cr merger of ing vysya bank with it to become the fourth largest lender in the private ...

as it continues its search for chiefs at five public sector banks, the government has relaxed eligibility criteria with regard to ...

the government is likely to add two more parameters for capital infusion in state-run banks including geographical location of ...

irdai has said no corporate agent can get more than 90% business from one insurer in life, non-life or health in their first year ...

bank of baroda, a leading indian public sector bank, has tied up with uae exchange to offer an instant cash transfer facility to ...

cautioning against taking farmer suicides lightly , reserve bank of india (rbi) governor raghuram rajan on friday said small and ...

government is in the process of finding non-executive chairmen for public sector banks and it has already appointed managing ...

india s banks could see their lending-related costs rise by up to a fifth as a recent rule change means they must make bigger ...

glibberbug technologies has raised rs 75 crore (around $12 million) in a series-b round of funding from venture capital funds ...

the number of frauds in the banking sector have increased by more than 10 per cent over the last two years, with retail banking ...

asset reconstruction company india ltd (arcil) has acquired stressed loans, including non-performing assets (npas) worth over rs ...

users can download the iwear by icici bank and register themselves. once registered, they can login to the app and carry out ...

cii, pwc report claims wearable payment solutions will become common soon as banks move from password-based devices to biometric ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is exploring the possibility of allowing the business correspondent (bc) of a particular bank to ...

private sector kotak mahindra bank has approached the foreign investment promotion board (fipb) to hike foreign investment ...

india s largest private sector lender icici bank has tied up with a leading uae-based bank to offer an instant remitting service ...

private sector lender kotak mahindra bank today said it has alloted 13.92 crore shares to the shareholders of ing vysya bank as ...

public sector lender idbi bank today said it is awaiting correct valuation before coming out with a follow-on public offer, which ...

the report said that with the proliferation of mobile-based services and the reducing median price of smartphones, the payment ...

uncertainties about their extent eventual normalisation have induced greater volatility intensified pressures on both ...

indian banks, hoping to offset a slow recovery in corporate lending, are pushing into credit cards and personal loans, using ...

subdued new premium growth due to poor auto sales and lack of new projects have dented the general insurance industry s business ...

the monsoon outlook for this year will be released by the india meteorological department this week and the broad expectation is ...

the imf, he said, needs to play more of a role in judging policy, not allow the fig leaf of monetary intent to determine ...

with irdai proposing to increase the limit for appointing external surveyors to rs 50,000, things should get simpler for smaller ...

final contours of the composition, responsibility, and powers of the proposed monetary policy committee (mpc) is likely still ...

private sector lender indusind bank has registered a 25.1% rise in its net profit for the fourth quarter to rs 495.27 crore.

court was hearing a pil seeking directions to allow banking customers to make unlimited number of transactions free of any charge ...

metlife major illness premium back cover, a health insurance policy that covers 35 critical illnesses, was launched in the city ...

matching its competitor hdfc ltd, state bank of india today announced a cut in home loan interest rate by up to 0.25% for new ...

the reserve bank s plan to introduce an external benchmark rate, like the libor, for better pricing of various financial products ...

the department of posts (dop) will soon seek cabinet approval for rs 240 crore for setting up post bank of india. the dop has ...

insurance behemoth lic has bought 7.98 crore shares, or 2.13%, of nmdc to take its total stake in the state-run iron ore miner to ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor raghuram rajan on friday said the rupee might become fully convertible in the next few ...

indusind bank ltd said it would buy royal bank of scotland s diamond and jewellery financing business in india and the related ...

micro unit development and refinance agency to be an nbfc, initially with rs 20,000-crore corpus to be later converted into a ...

rajan made it clear they had no option but they were firm in opposing however, mutual confabulations convinced them that, having ...

the reserve bank today said it has instructed banks to restructure loans of farmers whose crops have been damaged by the recent ...

country s third-largest private sector lender axis bank today cut its base rate or the minimum rate of lending by 0.20 per cent ...

the regulator said these insurers or reinsurers can accept reinsurance business of all classes of business within the sez and ...

hdfc bank ltd, the country s second-biggest private sector lender by assets, will reduce its base lending rate by 15 basis points ...

in his budget, fm arun jaitley had proposed the micro units development refinance agency with a corpus of rs 20,000 cr and credit ...

the reserve bank will come out with final guidelines on priority sector lending (psl) for banks by end of this month which will ...

reserve bank of india governor raghuram rajan said on tuesday a cut in the cash reserve ratio (crr) would not impact lending ...

prime minister narendra modi will launch the micro units development and refinance agency ltd. (mudra) bank at the vigyan bhavan ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor raghuram rajan in his first bi-monthly monetary policy statement said that they are waiting ...

amid speculation about the uneasy relationship between reserve bank of india (rbi) governor raghuram rajan (pictured) and the ...

the rbi decision has come after being told that such firms were facing difficulties with regard to furnishing two documents as ...

private sector general insurers reliance general, icici lombard and universal sompo, among others, have committed around rs 100 ...

state-run lender dena bank, which did not receive good response for its non-performing assets (npa) sale last fiscal, is now ...

state-owned canara bank is likely to get fund infusion of up to rs 1,500 crore from the country s largest insurance firm life ...

pitching for greater gender diversity on its board, state-run banking giant sbi s chairperson arundhati bhattacharya today said ...

lauding the efforts of the reserve bank in improving macro-economic conditions in last eight decades, finance minister arun ...

acquisition will make kotak mahindra fourth largest private sector lender in the country, with a total business of rs 2.25 lakh ...

this will include states and union territories where it is a public holiday, except for branches in delhi, chhattisgarh, haryana, ...

banks which want to set up units within the special financial zones being created in india will only be allowed to transact in ...

country s largest lender state bank of india today said it has extended the banking hours at all its branches in maharashtra on ...

indian private sector lender catholic syrian bank has filed for an initial public offering to raise up to 4 billion rupees ($64.2 ...

hsbc bank oman has completed the sale of its indian assets to doha bank, the affiliate of hsbc holdings said in a statement on ...

psb profitability has been under pressure due to low interest income, higher provisioning for stressed loans and an enhanced ...

both for private cars and two-wheelers, the rates from april 1 would only go up by rs 65 to rs 340 according to the motor premium ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has liberalised the norms for taking position in exchange-traded currency derivatives.it raised ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has revised the guidelines for capital adequacy and liquidity norms. these will come into effect ...

lic has informed that it is willing to subscribe up to 40 million equity shares, at a price to be determined according to sebi ...

bajaj allianz life insurance has launched a traditional participating insurance plan called young assure with features to help ...

state bank of india, the country s largest lender, said on tuesday it had received approval for divestment of its stake in ...

leading private sector lenders icici bank and hdfc bank have cut rates by up to 0.25 per cent on high value fixed deposit on ...

private sector lender icici bank today said it has repatriated excess funds from its two overseas subsidiaries as part of capital ...

equitas micro finance the micro finance institution arm of the chennai based equitas holdings completed three securitisation ...

says the proposed institution, which will enable quick sharing of information on entities found to be defrauding banks, will work ...

worried over the shortfall in the overall direct tax collection kitty, the government has asked banks, both public and private, ...

central bank will soon come up with guidelines to enable quick sharing of information about unscrupulous borrowers and help banks ...

tomorrow is a bank holiday on account of ram navmi, followed by a holiday on april 2 for mahavir jayanti, and then april 3 for ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) in consultation with the government has fixed the limits for ways and means advances (wma) for ...

a national crop insurance programme was implemented from 2013 and loanee farmers are compulsorily covered under this component ...

r hdfc bank today said andhra pradesh and the newly-formed telangana stood top on the bank s high-growth avenues and added the ...

private lender hdfc bank today said andhra pradesh and the newly-formed telangana stood top on the bank s high-growth avenues and ...

rbi today signed a usd 400 million currency swap agreement with the central bank of sri lanka for three years that will allow the ...

committee was appointed to effect synergy and uniformity in the efforts being undertaken in the areas of data reporting and data ...

andhra bank and indian bank, have slapped notices on 7 acres studios, located adjacent to the main annapurna studios in the ...

the shareholders of manipal-based public sector lender syndicate bank today passed a resolution sought by the bank to raise rs ...

the huge supply of government paper... is one of the major impediments to the growth of corporate bond market r gandhi

barclays plc and deutsche bank ag predict india s central bank governor raghuram rajan will frontload interest-rate cuts, ...

commercial tax arrears on organizations falling under the bhubaneswar range has mounted to rs 2333.47 crore (as on february ...

however, govt s fiscal consolidation plan was hailed as a step in right direction, which will aid in deepening of corporate debt ...

the rise in government borrowings through bonds is impeding the growth of the corporate debt market in the country, reserve bank ...

in a major fillip to banks struggling with bad loans, markets regulator sebi today relaxed its norms for conversion of their debt ...

with most psu banks remaining reluctant to pass on the benefit of monetary policy easing by rbi, finance minister arun jaitley ...

eturopean investment bank (eib), the world s largest multilateral borrower and lender, has sought reserve bank of india s ...

indian insurance sector is set for a major upgrade in its valuation and foreign players may infuse $ 8-10 billion (over rs 60,000 ...

finance ministry has called the first meeting of all stakeholders, including msme and microfinance institutions, on march 25 for ...

the new guidelines, with higher penalties and more onus on selling based on the requirements of customers, will be effective from ...

chairman and managing director of state-owned uco bank arun kaul on saturday said data mining, the analytic process designed to ...

the move comes after parliament voted to increase the amount foreign investors can own in the nation s insurers to 49 per cent ...

reserve bank has lowered interest rates by 0.50% since january 2015, but banks are yet to pass on the benefits to borrowers, says ...

amidst differences over regulation of money market between rbi and the government, the central bank today said there is a need to ...

the government will not take away any significant power of the rbi and a clarification on the central bank s role in the ...

public sector lender bank of india (boi) today said it has raised over rs 641.99 crore by issuing shares on preferential basis to ...

the central bank plans to talk with lenders about passing on interest rate cuts through lower lending rates, reserve bank of ...

aegon religare life insurance (arli) launched a campaign - nothingwillhappen, for its flagship protection plan iterm. arli has ...

mutual fund houses have said that tax benefits for retirement solutions should be provided on the lines of the new pension system ...

nri deposits grew 15.77 per cent to cross rs 100,000 crore for the first time in the state. nri deposits rose to rs 104,573 crore ...

improvement in the asset quality of indian banks and growth in credit offtake is likely to take more time as the problems in ...

notes foreign debt-heavy indian firms vulnerable also says central banks need to be ready to act on market volatility, praises ...

state-run canara bank has sold shares worth rs 11.54 crore in credit analysis and research limited (care), a domestic rating ...

state bank of travancore s rs 474-crore rights issue will open on tuesday and the funds garnered through the issue will be ...

public sector bank dena bank runs the risk of negative rating action if the government, its major owner with 58 per cent stake, ...

government proposes to introduce priority sector lending certificates (pslcs), on the lines of carbon credit trading, wherein ...

insurance industry has welcomed the new law that empowers regulator irda to fix agency commission, saying this will help arrest ...

country s largest lender sbi, which today began an e-auction of a large chunk of its distressed assets, has extended the bidding ...

discussions already on with foreign partners psbs in the sector have opportunity to get over capital shortage by divesting, ...

tax-free bonds which are seen hitting the street in the financial year 2014-15 may not be able to get the same attention it had ...

financial services secretary, hasmukh adhia said on friday that the proposed micro units development refinance agency (mudra) ...

the non performing assets (npas) of the banks in the country stood at rs 3,00,611 crore as on december 2014, government told lok ...

star health and allied insurance company limited - india s first stand-alone insurer - is planning to raise around rs 300-400 ...

he said given there persists a very competitive financial service sector, once certain banks start taking action others will ...

the move is necessitated after the fm allocated rs 8,000 cr in his budget to the banks in fy16, well below the initially planned ...

banks would prefer to defer any decision on lending rates until after the rbi holds its monetary policy review on april 7, bank ...

the indian railway finance corporation (irfc) bonds to be issued within the next few weeks will only see appetite from insurers ...

tata aia life today announced the launch of its new life insurance solution tata aia life insurance smart growth plus (smart ...

even if banks do not rush to cut rates now, it is possible they would not renew the bulk deposits given to large companies at ...

service tax introduced on insurance premiums last year will be hiked to 14% gst implementation will lead to steeper hikes in ...

central bank has been taking strict action like imposition of penalty and denial of branch expansion against the erring urban ...

strengthening existing institutions is more important, because it will be a long time before the new bank becomes operational, ...

the budget proposal to include non- banking finance companies (nbfcs) under the sarfaesi act is credit positive for lenders of ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority of india (irdai) has approved the appointment of trevor bull as the managing ...

state bank of travancore (sbt) today became the first bank to cut benchmark lending rate, or base rate, by 0.1 per cent to 10.15 ...

on international women s day, union commerce minister nirmala sitharaman today chided lenders for being gender insensitive while ...

state bank of travancore, associate banking unit of state bank of india, will need equity capital of rs.2, 500-3, 000 crore to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) s foreign exchange reserves hit an all-time high of $ 338.08 billion for a consecutive week, show ...

the national payments corporation of india on friday announced linking of 15 crore aadhar cards with various bank accounts in ...

the umbrella lobby group of the lenders, indian banks association (iba), is likely to convene a meeting with insurers shortly to ...

with non banking finance companies- microfinance institutions (nbfc-mfis) likely to have overall debt of rs 360 billion to rs 420 ...

after the reserve bank s rate cut on wednesday, issuers are rushing to raise short-term funds. rbi cut the repo rate, at which it ...

axis bank has priced a $ 250 million bond issue via a tap of its existing 3.250 per cent senior unsecured notes due 2020. the ...

say they have to figure out ways of raising capital from the market or any other methods including additional tier i and tier ii ...

rbi has decided to extend the all-in-cost ceiling of trade credits for imports into india and external commercial borrowings ...

all the 12 public sector banks (psbs) which have been deprived of capital infusion by the government could face a serious ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has refused to share its banks inspection reports on alleged money laundering laws and other ...

jeevan jyoti bima and suraksha bima, with life and accident insurance cover respectively of rs 2 lakh each, are the schemes under ...

to deal with the global financial crisis, many central banks around the world are printing money and reducing interest rates to ...

government has given additional charge of managing director and ceo of bank of baroda to ranjan dhawan, the senior most executive ...

scheme to be operationalised through designated banks tax incentives for holders and exemption from crr slr to banks could be ...

against the backdrop of complaints of pensioners harassment, the government has directed banks not to insist that retired ...

coincidentally, hours before the government announced the process, reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor s s mundra ...

insurance regulatory and development authority of india (irdai) today said the insurance companies can appoint individual agents ...

reserve bank deputy governor s s mundra today said that state-run banks capital needs to comply with basel-iii regulations may ...

new motor vehicles act allows a victim to claim any amount in third-party accidents and if the insurer refuses to pay, claimant ...

however, for this the borrower s household annual income should not exceed rs 60,000 in rural areas and rs 1,20,000 in non-rural ...

private sector lender indusind bank will issue long-term infrastructure bonds or non-convertible debentures on private placement ...

giving a big boost to pradhan mantri jan-dhan yojana (pmjdy), the rbi today said bank overdrafts of up to rs 5,000 in accounts ...

at present, the compensation liability of insurance companies is subjectively decided on a per case basis by motor accident claim ...

reserve bank of india has eased rules for change in the shareholding in asset reconstruction companies (arcs) to smoothen working ...

clamping down on vijay mallya-led ub group to recover loans, a 17-bank consortium led by state-run sbi today initiated the ...

expressing happiness over the conclusion of 10th bipartite wage negotiations between public sector banks (psbs) and their ...

the road transport and safety bill that will replace the motor vehicles act, is set to be tabled in parliament in its current ...

state bank of india (sbi) and its australian partner insurance australia group (iag) have initiated talks to increase the ...

employee unions of public sector banks today withdrew their strike call following an agreement with the management on 15 per cent ...

the shares of a number of insurance companies are increasingly changing hands in off-market transactions. a mix of recent deal ...

insurance sector regulator irda has given in-principle approval for setting up of rs 1,500 crore nuclear liability pool for ...

a leaked list 1,195 indians with accounts in hsbc s swiss banking unit recently became public and most are suspected to have ...

a record 13.2 crore new bank accounts have been opened under the pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana in last six months with rs 11,000 ...

the fall in global crude oil prices is an opportunity for india that should not be wasted and the country should work towards ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india, plans to overhaul its transaction banking business, involving trade finance ...

the govt had given a target to the 27 state-owned banks to set up 19,994 atms in fy15 and by december end they have managed to ...

ahead of the proposed bank strike by employees of public sector banks the union finance minister today stepped in to dissuade ...

the reconstituted advisory board on bank, commercial and financial frauds (abbcff) has so far looked into three cases and has ...

dy governor notes it s an era of job changes for better opportunities and the new niche lenders in the system will attract your ...

in a bid to tide over liquidity issues of banks in weekends, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has decided to conduct reverse repo ...

banks unions and indian bank association (iba) could not come to an agreement at the conciliation meeting held at new delhi. the ...

the government has decided to allocate capital to only nine psbs in the current financial year, those that have shown efficiency ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is getting tougher on extending unlimited credit to the country s banks to try to ensure they ...

mahindra insurance brokers aims to reach 100,000 additional villages in the next 3-4 years. the insurance broker which completed ...

private lender indusind bank today said it will raise up to rs 2,000 crore through issuance of long-term infrastructure bonds and ...

the insurance laws (amendment) ordinance, 2014, as promulgated by the president of india, had allowed foreign partners to hold up ...

the finance ministry would conduct its quarterly review of performance of public sector banks (psbs) on the 5th of next month, ...

points to implications of recent govt decision on equity support to only the more efficient ones queries where else the needed ...

barring sbi, all large public sector lenders saw a sharp rise in stressed loans in the december quarter no optimistic projection ...

country s largest lender state bank of india today committed rs 75,000 crore for generation of 15,000 mw of renewable energy in ...

days ahead of a proposed strike by psu banks employee unions, a top union leader today sought the intervention of finance ...

the board of directors of india bank has given nod for the government proposal to infuse rs 280 crore in the bank by way of ...

hdfc bank ltd, india s second-biggest private sector lender by assets, reported on saturday a 20.2 percent increase in quarterly ...

around eight lakh public sector bank (psbs) employees to on a four days continuous strike from february 25 to 28, following by an ...

with more people coming into the banking fold, fraudsters are turning increasingly innovative. some use complex mechanisms to ...

tech giant ibm today said it has secured a deal with ratnakar bank (rbl) to provide the private sector lender with mobile apps to ...

canbank venture, the wholly owned subsidiary of canara bank, has invested rs 25 crore in nashik-based esds software solution ...

state-owned bank of india (boi) today reported a steep 70.4 per cent fall in net profit to rs 173.38 crore for the third quarter ...

bank of india, the country s fourth-biggest lender by assets, reported on thursday a surprise 70 percent fall in quarterly profit ...

rating agency moody s today said rbi s recent guidelines on the countercyclical capital buffer (cccb) are credit positive for the ...

even though the companies act 2013 mandates companies to have deposit insurance for deposit schemes, companies are still ...

the government s decision not to infuse funds in fourteen public sector banks in the current financial year has put the lenders ...

banks should run checks on clients for compliance with kyc and anti-money laundering rules doubtful cases and should be referred ...

with the government s digital india drive, and a promised deadline of april 1, parekh believes the country will make some good ...

standard chartered bank, largest foreign bank in the country by branches, has appointed lakshmi goyal as regional head, brand ...

public sector lender punjab national bank today said it has raised rs 1,000 crore through long term bonds on private placement ...

the move to tighten monitoring of export finance deals comes after investigators uncovered an invoicing scam suspected to be part ...

iba had proposed to improve wage hike offer from 12.5% to 13% and said that the 19.5% rise sought in wages by the unions was ...

state-owned bank of india (boi) today said it will raise up to rs 641.99 crore by selling shares to life insurance corp and new ...

the reserve bank decision to reduce the statutory liquidity ratio (slr) is credit positive for banks as it would help them manage ...

government owned bharatiya mahila bank has proposed to open 35 more branches taking the total to 80 by next month besides ...

reserve bank of india deputy governor r. gandhi said the central bank has been warning lenders on the need to improve asset ...

the health insurance tpa of india which has been set up to manage health claims of public general insurers is all set to begin ...

the new provision in the insurance ordinance making third-party motor cover mandatory has put the major general insurer players ...

taking benefit of falling bond yields, tata capital financial services ltd (tcfsl) is planning to raise about rs 3, 000 crore ...

from april 1, 2015, two-wheelers and four wheelers apart from other commercial vehicles may see atleast a 20-25% rise in their ...

the regulator also clarified that fpis shall be permitted to invest in amortised debt instruments, provided the duration of the ...

in one of the conversation a few months back, c p gurnani, ceo md of india s sixth largest it services company was heard ...

sbi general insurance has launched a group health insurance product exclusively for the customers of state bank of india (sbi) ...

public sector idbi bank today reported a marginal decline in net profit at rs 102.79 crore for the october-december quarter of ...

earthport, a cross border payments services provider to banks, is seeking permission from reserve bank of india to start ...

non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) are borrowing more from the debt market in the current fiscal rather than funding their ...

public sector lender bank of maharashtra launched its new mobile banking application - mahamobile in ahmedabad on thursday. the ...

despite facing natural calamities in quick succession in the current year, the general insurance companies are not expected to be ...

private life insurance company max life has seen a 14 per cent growth in new business premiums during the first nine months of ...

indian overseas bank, a state-run lender, reported its second straight quarterly loss on thursday as bad loans surged, sending ...

bs reporterhyderabad, 5 january despite facing the natural calamities in quick succession in the current year the general ...

despite prospects of gradual recovery in the next financial year (fy16), the profitability of indian banks, especially public ...

the sum assured for micro-insurance products may rise to upto rs 2 lakh to ensure more banking correspondents and distributors ...

hong kong (reuters) - hdfc bank ltd, india s largest lender by market value, has set 1,057-1,067 rupees per share price range for ...

unbreakable high value fixed deposits will soon earn higher rate of interest with the reserve bank of india allowing banks to ...

state-run canara bank today reported 60.2 per cent increase in net profit at rs 655.92 crore for the quarter ended december ...

bank employees are threatened to go on a strike for four days from february 25-28, followed by an indefinite strike from march ...

muthoot fincorp, the flagship company of muthoot pappachan group, today launched its business correspondent operations in the ...

virtually rejecting the demand for extending the loan restructuring window beyond april 1, rbi governor raghuram rajan today said ...

the country s second largest private lender hdfc bank is likely to raise rs 10,000 crore from the market, especially overseas, in ...

with most banks yet to pass on the benefit of lower interest rates to consumers following the rate cut last month, rbi governor ...

signalling strong demand for government bonds, overseas investors have put in bids worth rs 813 crore, oversubscribing a rs 310 ...

usha thorat, former deputy governor of the reserve bank of india (rbi) will chair the external advisory committee (eac) to ...

hdfc bank ltd is expected to sell shares worth up to 100 billion rupees ($1.6 billion) as early as this week, with an offering ...

the banks in the country has so far made a capex of around rs 2,000 crore for opening accounts under the pradhan mantri jan-dhan ...

having cut its policy interest rate just three weeks ago, the reserve bank of india (rbi) is expected to hold rates steady at a ...

most of us, when we want to buy an insurance policy, ask our friends or family members to recommend an insurance agent and buy ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said that all scheduled commercial banks (including regional rural banks) are permitted to ...

in percentage terms net npa increased to 2.74 % from 2.26 % and gross npa rose to 4.62 % from 3.42 %

telecoms investor aditya birla nuvo and retailer future group were among the first big names to apply for licenses to run ...

edelweiss financial services, which was one of the 25 applicants for a new banking licence last year, is aiming to compete with ...

kotak mahindra bank, which is in a tie-up with bharti airtel for niche bank licence, looks at payment bank as an asset ...

the country s largest lender, sbi has said that public sector banks should be given an opportunity to tap the best talent from ...

state-owned ifci is likely to sell its 2.5% stake in stock exchange nse in the next 15 days which may fetch the financial ...

indian overseas bank has launched an issue of unsecured, non-convertible, additional tier - i, basel iii compliant perpetual ...

the first forex hub of the mumbai- headquartered central bank of india in gujarat was opened at urmi char rasta here to provide ...

in a notice to exchanges, dewan housing finance corporation (dhfl) has said it has filed an application for a small bank licence ...

asset quality concerns pull stock down 5% trend sue to slippage from restructured loans and could persist for another 3 ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has constituted a high powered committee under the chairmanship of r.gandhi, deputy governor, rbi ...

the rbi is making extra efforts to spur the country s corporates to more actively hedge their foreign exchange exposure, in order ...

welcoming the tie-up between country s largest mobile telephony player bharati airtel and kotak mahindra bank for a payments ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority of india (irda) will see a huge churn in its top management in the next few ...

as an independent monetary policy is essential to mange the large and complex indian economy, the country will see a blend of ...

if banks bite the broker bullet...

...it will bring in more transparency, provide multiple choices and reduce mis-selling

sks president dilli raj told business standard that establishment of a bank was a logical extension of our financial inclusion ...

karur vysya bank has reported a net profit of rs 113.88 crore during the quarter ended december 31, 2014 as compared to rs 106.82 ...

while the industry saw a rise and then subsequent flat rate of growth in insurance penetration, the overall coverage levels are ...

cholamandalam investment and finance company limited has reported a 21 per cent growth in net profit at rs 111 crore as ...

public sector lender oriental bank of commerce (obc) today reported a 91.27% decline in net profit at rs 19.56 crore for the ...

fidelity investment trust picked up 2.07%, with the remainder bought by others in the market. fidelity now holds 3.9% stake in ...

singaporean lender dbs bank, which focuses on leding to smes, today launched tab banking for its customers in the segment which ...

public sector lender state bank of hyderabad may raise up to rs 400 crore before end of the current fiscal by way of tier-ii ...

state bank of india (sbi) will raise rs 15,000 crore through a public offer including rights issue to fund business and meet ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority of india on tuesday brought out an exposure draft for appointment of insurance ...

with an economic revival taking longer than expected, banks plan to approach the reserve bank of india (rbi) to continue asset ...

govt is betting that mobile phone vendors, fuel stations and corner stores can help it put basic banking within the grasp of ...

with india s foreign exchange reserves touching an all-time high of $322 billion, the import cover has increased to ...

hdfc bank has launched 11 international toll-free numbers to cater to 32 countries for phone-banking assistance for its ...

all jan dhan bank accounts should be linked to aadhaar, prime minister narendra modi said today while asking bankers to speed up ...

insurance regulatory and development authority of india (irda) said on friday that insurance companies should not collect more ...

as the indian economy gathers momentum, it will reflect in banks asset quality while the issue of over-leveraging by corporates ...

the festive season has failed to cheer non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) as business growth remains muted amid economic ...

in a relief to farmers, reserve bank of india has notified the banks that the interest subvention of two percent will continue to ...

a section of public sector bank employees unions today met minister of state for finance jayant sinha to press for early wage ...

public sector general insurance company united india insurance is targetting over 17% growth in premium income in uttar pradesh ...

private life insurance company tata aia life has entered into a bancassurance partnership with citibank to offer its products ...

corporation bank plans to raise rs 500 crore through issue of unsecured, subordinated, perpetual additional tier-i basel-iii ...

according to the ordinance, every appeal under the act has to be made within 45 days from the date on which the irdai order is ...

gold loan non banking financial company (nbfc), muthoot finance will now act as business correspondents for private sector lender ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) has increased its stake in public sector lender central bank of india to 15 per cent. ...

four days after rate cut by the rbi, oriental bank of commerce (obc) today slashed fixed deposit rate across various maturities ...

international finance corporation (ifc), world bank s investment arm, is planning to acquire stakes in bandhan financial services ...

public sector bank employees have decided to go on a 4-day strike from january 21 to protest against the rigid and callous ...

like the recent appointments, this time as well, psbs would have a non-executive chairman, giving operational responsibility to ...

state-owned allahabad bank has raised rs 500 crore through private placement of bonds that are compliant with global capital ...

life insurance policy holders, who opt for electronic format of policy, may now get a 10-15 per cent reduction in their premiums ...

there is a greater need to take a closer look into the asset quality, instances of restructuring of advances, provisioning held ...

the survey showed households expected consumer inflation of 8.9% in the october-december quarter in the year ahead period, down ...

close on the heels of rbi announcing the rate cut, union bank of india (ubi) today cut lending and deposit rates by up to 50 ...

welcoming a 25 basis points rate cut by the reserve bank, private insurers said that it is an important turn in the interest rate ...

federal bank has reported a 15 per cent rise in its standalone net profit at rs 264.69 crore for the third quarter ended december ...

your wait for lower emis is finally over. banks are willing to pare their lending rates in next few days following the reserve ...

state bank of india (sbi) - the country s largest lender - today described the surprised interest rate cut by the reserve bank of ...

united bank of india (ubi) became the first bank to announce a reduction in base rate following the reserve bank of india s (rbi) ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) cut interest rates on thursday by 25 basis points to 7.75 percent in a surprise inter-meeting ...

the insurance laws (amendment) ordinance that has made structural changes in the way the insurance industry functions has omitted ...

the rbi is against broad-basing crr, the portion of total bank deposits kept with the reserve bank, to include forex and gold ...

kotak mahindra bank has launched a savings bank account-jifi saver- that can be managed via social networking websites such as ...

arundhati bhattacharya, chairperson of state bank of india (sbi), on monday said that the credit growth hasn t really picked up ...

with non-performing assets from large corporates at worryingly high levels, state bank of india chairperson arundhati ...

reserve bank and the european central bank (ecb) have signed a memorandum of understanding for cooperation in the area of central ...

the number of bhartiya mahila banks (bmb), the country s first all-women bank chain, will touch 80 branches across the country ...

riding on high investment income, non-life insurers have managed to record larger profits at rs 4,439 crore in the last fiscal ...

private sector banks are way behind their psu peers when it comes to opening financial inclusion accounts under the prime ...

state-run lenders need for additional capital is likely to continue even if the government pares its holdings in these banks, ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) foreign exchange reserves fell by $471.4 million for the week ended january 2 to $319.24 ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is likely to increase the indian market terrorism risk insurance pool due ...

the proposal was passed at an egm on thursday the deal will see an exchange ratio of 725 shares of kotak for every 1,000 of ing ...

kotak mahindra bank is the single largest shareholder, with 15% equity that it purchased at rs 600 a share from financial ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) still maintains the lead in the life insurance industry with respect to claim ...

state bank of travancore has sought capital markets regulator sebi s approval to raise up to rs 485 crore through rights issue to ...

the increase in foreign direct investment (fdi) limit by 23 percent to 49 percent is expected to alleviate the capital pressure ...

going by the rating upgrades and downgrades trend in first three quarters of fy15, the upgrades have surpassed downgrades ...

the state bank of india (sbi), country s largest commercial bank, has continued to lead in mobile banking space according to ...

under consortium financing, several banks fund a borrower with common appraisal, common documentation, joint supervision and ...

government today saidon monday it has no desire to reduce its stake in public sector banks at present. do not see any need to ...

state-owned term lender ifci is looking at raising over rs 790 crore in the second round of non-convertible debentures which ...

rating agency crisil has assigned an aa stable rating to the bond issue and reaffirmed its ratings on the bank s existing debt ...

to check adverse impact of farm debt waiver programmes on the banking sector, heads of the public sector banks have now joined ...

to check ponzi-like activities in insurance sector, the new ordinance has prohibited multi- layered agent structure for sale of ...

modi said with public sector banks controlling 81% of branches and 77% of deposits, their net profit should improve from the ...

as another bank strike looms large, the central chief labour commissioner has called a conciliation meeting on monday between ...

finance minister arun jaitley today termed the level of bad assets in the system as unacceptable and promised more autonomy for ...

kyc will be required every ten years for low risk and eight years for medium risk individuals, from five and two years ...

this will help the public to correlate a product brand name to the name of the entity company authorised under the payment and ...

the retreat will explore best practices in both sectors, including issues of people management, technology, and improving asset ...

joining prime minister narendra modi s digital india programme, top lender icici bank has launched its own digital village ...

dena bank has increased interest rates on foreign currency non-resident (bank) deposit (fcnr-b) in various range for maturities ...

mergers and acquisitions are not the only way for consolidation in public sector banks, as creating a mechanism for easier access ...

there is a need to rethink strategies for public sector banks in the country and the efforts for their consolidation would not be ...

icici bank pushed to second position as consumers use platform to pay bills, recharge mobile phones, book tickets and transfer ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday cautioned investors against multi-level marketing firms that promise high returns and ...

over 100 senior bankers, insurers, financial sector regulators and finance ministry officials would attend the two-day meet here ...

the year 2014 was marked by slowing credit and deposit growth, amid further rise in non-performing assets, which put pressure on ...

identifying a borrower as non-cooperative may not help banks in recovering unpaid loans unless such classification allows lenders ...

sale to arcs in the sept-ended quarter slumped to under rs 40,000 cr from rs 1,20,000-1,60,000 cr recorded in the june-ended ...

mumbai, 29 decemberinsurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has constituted a committee to look into the health ...

that means trouble at a single bank among the top five most connected lenders could lead to contagion that wipes out nearly 50% ...

in the eventuality of the policyholder becoming totally and permanently disabled during the policy term, the policyholder gets a ...

a political hot potato for long, the insurance sector got its long-awaited dose of reforms, as 2014 neared the end and will ...

many say the move to set an upper age limit for the chiefs of private banks ensures continuity of leadership, which will benefit ...

within days of government allowing more overseas investment in insurance sector through an ordinance, anil ambani-led reliance ...

rbi came out with final guidelines for payments banks last month, wherein the aspirants have been allowed to enter into joint ...

the newly ordained ordinance gives irda room to enhance regulations in areas of solvency, investments and keep a strict vigil on ...

organised crime in the life and general insurance industry has taken a graver turn with groups using dead bodies of people who ...

rbi governor raghuram rajan has said falling oil prices act as a cushion for cad, adding it is time india does away with ...

the company is going for the third ncd public issue during the current financial year from january 15, 2015 to mobilise rs 200 ...

the country s foreign exchange reserves rose $3.16 billion for the week ended december 19 to $320 billion, according to data ...

microfinance institutions (mfis), which have been keen contenders of small bank licence from the reserve bank of india (rbi), are ...

a year after bonds indexed to consumer price index (cpi)-based inflation were introduced by the reserve bank of india (rbi), ...

in terms of banks loan growth, the past year has possibly been the worst in about a decade. data show as of december 12, credit ...

rbi has advised urban co-operative banks (ucbs) to adhere to the short-sale limits, reporting and other risk management ...

a government-appointed selection panel would start interviews of 35 candidates tomorrow to fill vacancies of 14 executive ...

the competition commission of india (cci) is probing alleged unfair business practices of public sector general insurance ...

private sector lender-yes bank has raised $200 million as unsecured loan from asian development bank (adb) to finance working ...

the rbi has simplified the definition of a non-cooperative borrower to include all those who have the ability to pay but still ...

four senior executives of sbi group have appeared for interviews for one post of managing director at state bank of india (sbi), ...

commonwealth development corporation (cdc), the development finance institution owned by united kingdom (uk) government, with ...

he has been chosen for the bank s consistent performance during a period of slow economic growth, mounting npas and muted credit ...

health insurance experts are of the view that it is advisable to buy a policy that will cover the medical expenses of both the ...

the loans written off by psbs soared from rs 20,752 cr in 2011-12 to rs 32,992 cr in 2012-13 and further to rs 42,447 cr in ...

according to the motor vehicles act, 1988, no vehicle is allowed to ply on indian roads without taking a third-party insurance ...

home ministry s official language department said so far there is no facility for working in hindi language on internet banking ...

the united forum of bank unions would be holding a one-day all-india strike on january 7 followed by a four-day strike from ...

payment solutions provider itzcash is open for a tie-up with other entities for a payment bank licence, a top official of the ...

people have only 11-days left to exchange currency notes of various denominations, including 500 and 1,000, which were printed ...

the amount of bad loans written off or restructured by the psu banks has more than doubled in the last three years ending march ...

hope to see outlines of such a structure in 2 months, says dy governor asks for initiatives to help move towards obviating use ...

hdfc bank had applied for fipb approval for expanding its equity base by up to rs 10,000 crore and ratnakar bank for capital ...

state-run state bank of india (rbi), the country s largest lender, doesn t see unhedged exposure of corporates as a big concern ...

india is offering to set up an insurance pool to indemnify global nuclear suppliers against liability in the case of a nuclear ...

the country s foreign exchange reserves rose to $316.83 billion as of december 12, compared with $314.66 billion a week earlier, ...

life insurance companies have sought a separate tax deduction limit of rs 1.5 lakh in an effort to make this asset class more ...

organ donors now have a variety of covers to choose from, since insurance companies have been offering this as part of the larger ...

lender repatriates capital from its uk, canada arms over macroeconomic uncertainties, strict regulations and tepid growth ...

irda s vijayan said the investment calculations have been based on factors like gdp growth, inflation figures, rupee stability ...

state bank of india has approved the one-time settlement (ots) scheme for its borrowers from the beleaguered mining industry in ...

the insurance laws (amendment) bill that is set to be tabled in the upper house of the parliament in the next few days is not ...

global rating agency moody s today said the government s decision to reduce its stake in public sector banks to 52% over a period ...

markets are in uncertain mood at home and abroad, with fiis moving out from here in recent days many feel the central bank would ...

with the ongoing fall in the rupee, the remittances volume has seen a massive spike as high networth individuals have started ...

overnight rates inched up to near two-month high in the absence of additional term repo auctions by the reserve bank of india ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has eased the account opening process of multilateral organisations, of which india is a member ...

rbi today imposed a penalty of rs 50 lakh on icici bank and rs 25 lakh on bank of baroda for violation of kyc norms after they ...

the civil aviation ministry s request to offer up to rs 600 crore of working capital loans to troubled spicejet has left lenders ...

non banking financial companies (nbfcs) attempt to tap the digital route to engage with the customer base has met with limited ...

it was one of the most-discussed porposals of p chidambaram, the finance minister in the last united progressive alliance ...

the company, which recently launched an assured income plan, is planning to launch a group gratuity product and a bundled product ...

government has asked banks, which have opened 8.76 crore accounts under the pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana but issued only 5.78 ...

(rbi) has reduced the quantum of securities that can be classified as held-to-maturity (htm) from 200% to 100% of the audited net ...

to revive stalled plans and help banks tide over mounting bad loans, the rbi today eased norms for structuring of existing ...

interview for executive heads of category a banks could be held once again where candidates from private sector banks can also ...

has proposed allowing reissuance of existing debt securities by a corporate issuer within the specified time, rather than ...

after clipping at 12-13 per cent growth in the first half, the incremental premium income of the rs 80,000-crore general ...

grants extended credit period offer that allows customers to carry over retail purchase balances in first two billing statements ...

ahead of the forthcoming budget, rbi governor raghuram rajan today pitched for incentivisation of domestic savings to boost ...

the insurance regualator has asked insurers, who often offer discounts of up to 90%, to better price fire, property and group ...

private general insurance company liberty videocon general insurance will have an additional capital of rs 300 crore by january ...

state-run bank of maharashtra today announced a cut of 0.15 percentage point in its minimum lending rate or base rate to 10.25 ...

in the second half of the current calendar year, issuances had slowed. most companies had front-loaded their fund-raising plans, ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor ss mundra said banks may demand higher equity from companies that are highly ...

poor governance, constant interference of promoters, opposition from unions and talks of being an acquisition target seen as main ...

rajya sabha select committee proposes composite cap, call on infusion of fresh equity or sale of existing stake to be taken by ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on tuesday cautioned the public against misuse of certificate of registration issued by it to ...

american express (amex), known for its premium credit cards for the world s wealthiest, is introducing a corporate credit card ...

the contentious insurance laws (amendment) bill is expected to be a win-win for customers with provisions made to benefit ...

after sbi, hdfc bank axis bank now icici bank has also decided to charge its own customers for using their automated teller ...

to make online transactions easier, the reserve bank will soon come out with single authentication payment norms for low value ...

country s largest private sector lender icici bank has announced a hike in its atm charges for saving account holders from ...

concerned over sharp rise in bad loans, finance minister arun jaitley today said banks are taking a number of steps against ...

india is among the top issuers of debt globally in 2014 along with china and brazil. the year 2014 has seen over $525 billion ...

country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today cut its deposit rates for maturities of over one year by 0.25 per cent, ...

having cut its deposit offering by up to 0.50 per cent, the country s second-largest private sector lender hdfc bank will be ...

experts believe yield on 10-year paper will move to 7.80-7.85% by end-december, from 7.97% currently

two of the biggest private sector lenders icici bank and hdfc bank have effected a cut of up to 0.50 per cent in term deposit ...

the accelerator will invest in early stage technology businesses connected to zone startups india and will invest up to rs 2.7 cr ...

rbi said treds should have a minimum paid up equity capital of rs 25 cr and non-promoters would not hold over 10% of the equity ...

the move could garner about rs 89,120 cr at current market rates, but would not make them any better in terms of performance, ...

the concerns voiced by the senior rbi official come within days of nirmala sitharaman saying that her department was watching ...

private sector commercial bank axis bank is expecting its credit card business doubling in terms of volume during the next three ...

six leading bankers and one who has just got a banking licence say they are optimistic about growth and funding isn t a problem ...

though banks have not reduced lending rate as such after the fourth bi-monthly policy, many have reduced the spread in their ...

around 2.50 crore of cheques worth about rs 1.75 lakh crore are reportedly held up for clearance because of the the relay zonal ...

manipal-based public sector lender syndicate bank has raised rs 750 crore by issuing unsecured redeemable non-convertible ...

public sector bank employees today began rotational strike to press for wage hike with staffs of southern region going on a ...

the reserve bank of india kept interest rates unchanged at 8% on tuesday as widely expected, staying focused on containing ...

rbi governor raghuram rajan kept key rates unchanged despite rising pressure from the government and industry to soften rates in ...

at present, foreign investment of up to 49% is permitted through the automatic route. the proposals to raise this to up to 74% ...

how would you like it if you could pay your electricity bills at the local supermarket, while you buy your monthly groceries ...

asserting that bharatiya mahila bank will emerge as a strong brand over time, its chairman and managing director usha ...

an advisor with indian banks association said large banks themselves have an extensive branch network to cover under-banked ...

interest among both segments after thursday s final guidelines, although many say they d prefer to wait and watch, especially as ...

the country s foreign exchange reserves fell $672.4 million for the week ended november 21 to $314.88 billion, show reserve bank ...

the government is looking at bringing down its stake in public sector banks to 52% and the proposed move may help raise about rs ...

if you think the new guidelines on payment banks and small finance banks will result in mushrooming of banks immediately, think ...

the government is planning to bring down its stake in public sector banks to 52 per cent, which can fetch the exchequer rs 89,120 ...

the government is considering a plan to reduce stakes in state-run banks to 52 percent that could enable it to raise about 891.2 ...

when microfinance firm bandhan commences banking operations, likely in early 2015, it hopes to service its first clients through ...

reserve bank of india has allowed banks to give loans to individuals against investment in long-term bonds issued to raise money ...

microfinance institutions (mfis) are in the process of diversifying their sources of funding by tapping the non-convertible ...

if the stressed asset of banks crosses the 20% mark, rbi might limit the loan-sanctioning powers of banks with stressed asset ...

state-run banks face major obstacles in their plans to raise as much as $60 billion in new capital over the next few years, with ...

will have to apply for licenses from irda and the approval process is expected to be completed by the end of june quarter next ...

the central bank might not be in any immediate position to deliver a rate cut, even as the first target of sub-eight per cent ...

while an uptick in economic activity will help banks come out of some of their problems, some issues currently facing the indian ...

even a year after the reserve bank of india released the final guidelines for foreign banks to convert their indian branches into ...

talking about citibank in india, country head pramit jhaveri said the bank has been running in india for 112 years and it has ...

as rbi readies for licensing of some niche-segment banks, global banking giant citibank s india chief pramit jhaveri said there ...

taking a leaf out of prime minister narendra modi s poll campaign, eminent banker uday kotak said that the rs 15,000-crore merger ...

the reserve bank has asked banks to exercise caution before making payments to customers claiming funds lying idle in inoperative ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has eased the norms for parking external commercial borrowings (ecbs) to allow companies to keep ...

the reserve bank of india has cautioned customers against fraudsters issuing credit card in the banking regulator s name and ...

the acquisition of ing vysya bank by kotak mahindra bank has not only brought these stocks into focus but also given other ...

while multiple synergies and lower-than-expected dilution are positives, the combined entity s return ratios will see some ...

rbi said banks shall adhere to the additional guidelines while levying charges for non-maintenance of minimum balance in savings ...

jaitley assured banks that their professional decisions would not be influenced by instructions from the centre and asked them to ...

amid controversy over sanctioning a usd 1 billion loan to adani group, sbi today said it has only signed a preliminary mou and ...

concerned over rising bad loans, finance minister arun jaitley today discussed with psu bank heads ways to bring down the ...

issues of capital adequacy, npas, recovery, stalled projects, new projects and financial inclusion will be discussed, among ...

customers can transact even without debit card if the bank has their pan details, then there is no ceiling on amount of cash ...

relaxation in kyc guidelines has helped meet the target but this could lead to money laundering and financial malfeasance, it is ...

he urged the banks to start looking for ways to generate more internal capital as govt help would be limited due to ongoing ...

low demand for corporate loans has decelerated the growth in banks interest income, restricting improvement in their ...

sbi s total investments were pegged at rs 485,734 cr at end-september. this is predominantly of government and corporate bonds, ...

jaitley said on monday that if rbi brought these down in its policy review scheduled for dec 2, it would provide a good fillip ...

axis bank acting through its difc (dubai international financial centre) branch is set to raise at least $ 500 million through ...

the reserve bank today said final guidelines on payments banks are expected to be issued by this month-end, while norms for small ...

the passage of the insurance laws (amendment) bill could spur sector re-rating, according to esp rito santo securities (ess) ...

the pace of slippage on doubtful assets for public sector banks (psbs) moderated in the july-september quarter. however, bad ...

the yen tumbled for a fourth week on speculation prime minister shinzo abe may call an early election, consolidating his mandate ...

any domestic company, both listed and unlisted, and any issuer of permissible securities would be allowed to raise money through ...

inflation dropped to a new multi-year low in october, helped by slower annual rises in food and fuel prices, intensifying ...

one of the suggestions was, instead of having local area banks which focus on 2-3 districts, we should allow, for the prosperity ...

the long-pending proposal of hdfc bank to hike overseas holding may be taken up by the foreign investment promotion board (fipb) ...

the reserve bank of india s proposed final guidelines on starting payment banks - meant to serve smaller businesses and lower ...

bankers, who observed a day-long strike on wednesday, have threatened to go on another four-day strike from december 2-5 seeking ...

the nation-wide bank strike to press for wage revision brought banking services in west bengal to a grinding halt today ...

employee unions of public sector banks went on a nationwide strike today to press for wage revision, affecting banking services ...

raises capital requirement, proposes stricter npa guidelines norms to be introduced in a phased manner by april 2018 aim to ...

in a big relief to over 10 million retired employees of government and public sector undertakings (psus), a pensioner can now ...

foreign lenders in india often complain that their growth opportunities in india have been limited because of the restrictions ...

the rally in indian bonds is providing the reserve bank of india (rbi) governor raghuram rajan an unexpected gift falling ...

finance minister arun jaitley today said the government is planning to bring down its stake in public sector banks to 52 per cent ...

number of foreign banks rose to 43 from 31 in 5 yrs. in comparison, only two indian firms got approval to set up banks in april ...

public sector lender corporation bank (corp bank) plans to raise upto rs 1,500 cr capital via basel iii compliant bonds in ...

in a bid to suck out excess liquidity, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has announced the auction of the 42-days cash management ...

aided by increase in yield on advances and improvement in asset quality, the bangalore-based public sector lender vijaya bank ...

the beleaguered public sector lender syndicate bank today reported 33% decline in net profit at rs 316 crore for the second ...

...but barring sbi, state-run banks are still all at sea

the asset quality of state-owned banks will continue to be burdened by weak financial health of indian corporates, credit rating ...

banks have been asked to send an sms alert when cheques are received for clearing and examine cheques under uv lamp for clearance ...

competition has intensified in the online term insurance space with the premium for a rs 1 crore pure-term cover coming down as ...

s p in a statement said the asset quality is expected to remain weak over the next 12 months and revised assessment of the ...

even as rbi allowed banks to charge atm transcations beyond five in metros, the lenders are yet to restrict the number of free ...

state-owned life insurer lic lowered its exposure in 14 blue-chip firms during the july-september quarter with sale of shares ...

the rbi has directed regional rural and central cooperative banks to partially freeze bank accounts of those customers who have ...

the bank has now decided not to go for large corporate lending and the focus is on retail, agriculture and small and medium ...

icici bank - the country s largest private sector lender reported a net profit of rs 2709 crore for the quarter ended september ...

though credit demand has been tepid for several quarters, this fortnightly dip came just ahead of the diwali week, the main ...

the fixed payment to lock-in rates for a year using the derivatives fell 37 basis points this month, the most since september ...

as ulips or market-linked insurance plans make a big comeback, leading private sector life insurer reliance life s ceo anup rau ...

of the 700-odd indians having foreign bank accounts, not all can be deemed to be operating these illegally.an indian resident is ...

infrastructure lender idfc and micro-lender bandhan were chosen among two dozen applicants to enter the banking fray in february ...

kinara capital, a bangalore-based non-banking finance company (nbfc) that lends to micro and small businesses, today said it has ...

the probe into selections for banks such as bank of baroda and canara bank followed the arrest of syndicate bank cmd s k jain for ...

an ongoing churn in life insurance products has made growth elusive for insurers, including state-run behemoth lic, as only ...

after it waived off the processing fee late september as part of its festive offering, the bank is disbursing close to rs 200 ...

insurance sector regulator irda has slapped a penalty of rs 50 lakh on general insurer icici lombard for violating various norms ...

bank employees body aibea today asked prime minister narendra modi to take steps to fill up the vacant posts of cmds at state-run ...

while the prime minister has come out with his thrust on make in india and skill india , the present financial architecture in ...

lenders say they have been left with no choice but cut rates, as companies are increasingly turning to the corporate bond market ...

government bond yields are seen falling on expectations of a rate cut this financial year, due to a fall in retail inflation. ...

sbi mutual fund on thursday said it had launched an inflation-indexed bond fund (iibf) offering, which is aimed at investors with ...

to improve the loan recovery performance of banks in odisha, the state level bankers committee (slbc) has urged the state ...

sks microfinance, the only listed microfinance company in the country, has completed its first securitisation transaction of rs ...

the reserve bank of india issued new guidelines on tuesday on the reporting of bad debt and the working of the joint lenders ...

real interest-rates are becoming more and more positive, which would be severely disinflationary, and that means we have to cut ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has redistributed the portfolios of deputy governors consequent on reorganisation of the ...

for the first time in its 79-year history, rbi is set to laterally recruit specialists in grade f, that is, chief general ...

punjab national bank today posted a q2 net profit of rs 575.3 crore compared to rs 505.5 crore in the year-ago period, an uptick ...

aditya birla financial services group, the financial services arm of aditya birla group, has signed a memorandum of understanding ...

the bank, in a statement, said the size of its basel-iii-compliant at-i bonds was rs 1,500 cr, with an option to retain ...

according to industry estimates, about rs 3 lakh-crore bank funding is stuck in several companies, which are into infrastructure ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today said that they have raised the limit of losses required to be ...

insurance amendment bill proposes to reduce minimum capital to rs 50 cr. this could enable smaller firms enter the sector and be ...

state-run canara bank said on saturday that it will raise up to 850 million rupees ($13.85 million) through selling shares to ...

the insurance regulator expressed concerned over low premiums quoted by companies, as well as a high incurred claims-premium ...

banks have assured power producers they would continue to support the sector, hit by the supreme court verdict cancelling coal ...

vijayan added whatever penalty was imposed, a detailed information on the quantum and justification was available in the public ...

the country s foreign exchange reserves rose by $1.31 billion for the week-ended october 10 to $312.74 billion, show data ...

the kotak mahindra group on thursday said that its personal loan business was independent from other companies in the group, ...

dcb bank (formerly known as development credit bank) has raised rs 250 crore of tier i capital through the qualified institutions ...

the industrial units located in various industrial estates in visakhapatnam and the neighbouring districts are estimated to have ...

rajan took several steps to attract capital flows which helped the rupee strengthen. it is now trading in the narrow range of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will soon invite applications for issuance of licences in three categories - small banks, payment ...

bankers have urged the reserve bank of india (rbi) to continue regulatory forbearance on loan restructuring for another year. as ...

thomas cook has been in india since 1881 and has a national network of own offices, travel stores and franchisees to sell its ...

credit in the banking system has received a festive boost and surged by 11 per cent in the past one year. prior to this, bank ...

jean tirole (pictured), winner of the 2014 nobel prize in economic sciences, said banks that benefit from government support ...

mumbai, 14 octobera decline in inflation, as well as excess liquidity, has resulted in the yield on the benchmark 10-year ...

stating the indian economic recovery was uneven, reserve bank of india (rbi) governor raghuram rajan has exuded optimism that the ...

what attracts insurers to this segment are rising health costs, low penetration of health insurance, and focus on universal ...

banks have started to reduce short term corporate bulk deposit rates on the back of comfortable liquidity signalling downward ...

moody s investors service has withdrawn the baa3 insurance financial strength rating of life insurance corporation of india ...

rbi governor raghuram rajan has said there would be some volatility in emerging markets once the us federal reserve decided to ...

in order to streamline the cash management system, indian banks association (iba) has suggested the reserve bank to lay down ...

rbi had come out with draft guidelines on the differentiated banks in july this year and had asked for comments on the same by ...

rbi governor raghuram rajan said a ceiling on how much government debt foreigners can buy could be removed over the next two ...

for the first time in 6 months the central bank has solddollars in the foreign exchange market in august mainly due to curb ...

prime minister narendra modi s administration has proposed giving the reserve bank of india (rbi) governor veto power over a new ...

underscoring the need for financial sector reforms, rbi governor raghuram rajan has stressed the time to deliver begins now and ...

india s growth rate is expected to improve to 7 per cent by fy 2017, while inflation and the current account deficit are likely ...

hyderabad firm digitsecure launches online and mobile social wallet platform that enables payments, money transfers between fb, ...

in a major boost to the andhra pradesh, asian development bank (adb) has said that it would set up industrial zones in the state ...

bankers have sought clarity from the finance ministry regarding taxation of additional tier-i bonds through which they are ...

with share market up, firms are again interested in raising money this way but credit is going to be a problem, given recent ...

he just changed jobs a few months ago. and in the thoroughly automated world of mortgage finance, having recently changed jobs ...

over the past 18 months, there have been at least six instances of stakeholders in insurance ventures expressing their desire to ...

the country s second largest software services firm infosys today launched a new solution to help banks simplify transaction ...

indian banks will need $200 billion additional capital over the next five years to meet basel iii capital adequacy norms and the ...

the reserve bank of india is not biased towards either raising or cutting interest rates, and its monetary policy stance will ...

with the central bank keeping its short-term lending rate unchanged citing inflationary risks, financial services secretary g s ...

governor raghuram rajan today said the reserve bank is in the process of redefining the definition of wilful defaulters so as ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) kept its key policy repo rate unchanged at 8.0 percent on tuesday, as widely expected, while ...

stung by allegations of going easy in the bank of rajasthan (bor) case, market regulator securities and exchange board of india ...

after witnessing a surge in bad loans purchases in the april-june quarter, the pace of activity has nose-dived in the second ...

the board of qatar s doha bank has authorised the purchase of the indian assets of hsbc bank oman, and has called a shareholder ...

public sector general insurer united india insurance has said it is looking to re-enter the overseas markets and will soon carry ...

a slowdown in credit pick up from corporates may prevent country s largest lender state bank of india from announcing aggressive ...

close on the heels of revising india s sovereign credit rating from negative to stable, standard poor s on friday upgraded ...

a day after announcing its plan to exit its life insurance joint venture with aegon, religare enterprises said it will stay in ...

customer will be able to store any number of policies in one single account in the electronic format and thereby avoid the ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) chairman t s vijayan on friday said they would be making suggestions to the ...

national bark for agriculture and rural development (nabard)has sanctioned rs 15 crore to regional rural banks (rrb) in uttar ...

exim bank on tuesday said it has received rs 650 crore in capital infusion so far this financial year from the government and ...

sbi leads a 17-member consortium of lenders trying to recover dues running into over rs 7,500 cr in principal alone from ...

reserve bank s committee on capacity building has suggested that banks must avoid transfer for the sake of norms and make them ...

amid reservations expressed by the reserve bank on slow pick-up of mobile banking, country s largest private lender icici bank ...

calling for a re-think on easy credit, rbi governor raghuram rajan has said banks are actually subsidising student education ...

although close to 4 crore bank accounts have been opened under the jan dhan scheme so far, there is a huge backlog in the ...

five associates of state bank of india (sbi) would raise about rs 33,000 crore capital to meet global risk norms -- basel iii -- ...

the federal reserve should start raising u.s. interest rates in the spring, earlier than many investors currently expect, and ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has imposed a fine of rs 40 lakh on aegon religare life insurance for ...

the reserve bank today warned the banks to be more careful while opening accounts under the jan- dhan yojana, saying that a ...

standard chartered bank does not expect the reserve bank of india (rbi) to pare its policy rates this month as inflation ...

india s benchmark 10-year bond yield dropped to its lowest level in more than 11 months on thursday on hopes foreign investors ...

rbi says equity shares should be issued in accordance with the extant foreign direct investment guidelines on sectoral caps, ...

canara hsbc oriental bank of commerce life insurance today announced e-integration in bancassurance with the launch of ...

fair trade watchdog cci has rejected charges that insurance regulator irda s rules, which grant of corporate agency license to ...

mumbai, 16 septemberreserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor h r khan has denied plans to raise the debt limit for foreign ...

final guidelines for on tap universal banking licences will be issued in the current fiscal, reserve bank deputy governor r ...

the government has decided to raise the commission to banks for managing direct benefit transfers (dbts) to two per cent from the ...

as concerns mount over rising bad loans and scams at banks, the reserve bank today asked lenders to improve project evaluation ...

private sector axis bank today launched e-surveillance facility for its atms for better monitoring and detection of any ...

batting for greater autonomy to state-run lenders, rbi governor raghuram rajan today said the government should look at them as ...

as banks rush to open accounts under the centre s jan dhan scheme, rbi governor raghuram rajan today cautioned them on the risks ...

with digitisation gaining ground, it is likely that going ahead there is a possibility that 30-40% of cash in circulation will be ...

government bond yields are expected to fall this week on the back of softening inflation. the rupee is seen range-bound. in ...

in a novel green initiative, hdfc bank has launched a system of sending the personal identification number (pin) for debit card ...

country s largest insurer lic has lined up over rs 55,000 crore for investment in the equity market in the current fiscal, a part ...

ahead of the second round of wage negotiations beginning tomorrow in new delhi, state-owned general insurers have written to the ...

the proposed small banks will provide a whole suite of basic banking products such as deposits and supply of credit, but in a ...

cracking down on money laundering, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has closed down six urban cooperative banks (ucbs) which were ...

the finance ministry is finalising the draft cabinet note on reducing government stake in public sector banks (psbs) to 52 per ...

the government plans to repurchase government bonds (g-secs) through reverse auction for rs 20,000 crore on tuesday. these will ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today asked life insurers to extend every possible facilitation in quick ...

the finance ministry is finalising the draft cabinet note on reducing government stake in psu banks to up to 52 per cent as part ...

kochi 12 september manappuram finance limited, a leading gold financing company, announced its public issue of ...

currently, the fee is rs 15 per financial transaction. this has been recommended to be revised to rs 16.50, plus service tax ...

he was also worried that altering the price of capital for substantial period of time distorts investment decisions and the ...

the gujarat high court has held that in case company defaults on a loan payment, not all of its directors can be declared as ...

the parameters would be the number of accounts opened, the number of households covered, the camps conducted and house-to-house ...

the 2014 electoral verdict has bolstered investor confidence and raised hopes of economic revival, apex banks says in its monthly ...

non banking finance bajaj finance ltd will set a wholly-owned subsidiary to run housing finance business where it plans to invest ...

icici bank-country s largest private sector bank-will now allow consumers to withdraw cash can be withdrawn or transferred even ...

country s largest lender state bank of india today denied receiving any communication from the british banking regulator asking ...

life insurance industry in india is expected to grow at a rate of 10% in fy15 on an annual premium equivalent (ape calculated as ...

reserve bank of india governor raghuram rajan took charge of india s central bank when the rupee seemed to be in a tailspin while ...

the balance sheet of the european central bank and the euro zone s national central banks contracted by euro 26.6 billion to euro ...

the reserve bank today fixed 70 years as the maximum age for a person to hold office of md ceo and other whole time ...

reliance life insurance company today launched reliance fixed savings , a unique endowment insurance plan that secures future ...

the reserve bank of india said the upper age limit for managing directors, chief executive officers and other whole-time ...

the new norms for basel-iii capital instruments will be credit-positive for indian banks, according to moody s, the global rating ...

the move to establish brics bank is meant to provide patient money and not aimed at challenging the existing multilateral ...

a new standardised disclosure regime put in place for insurance sector has spilled the beans for life insurers claims on ...

following the fair trade watchdog competition commission ordering a probe into the state-owned general insurers health cover ...

seeking to deal firmly with wilful defaults in payment of bank loans like kingfisher, government is planning to come out with a ...

reserve bank governor raghuram rajan has said the wilful defaulter tag is a powerful weapon in the hands of banks for resolving ...

the reserve bank of india is likely to hold the key interest rate in its policy review meeting later this month and is expected ...

a week after the official launch of the prime minister s jan dhan yojana, the reserve bank of india has begun a review of the ...

on monday, united bank of india (ubi) declared grounded kingfisher airlines and its chairman, vijay mallya, wilful defaulters for ...

the insurance coverage for commodities accounts for less than five per cent of the overall business of the non-life insurance ...

the select committee of parliament on the controversial insurance bill held its first meeting today and decided to call ...

with issuances of certificates of deposit (cds) likely to come down, mutual fund houses might increase their investments in other ...

rating agency crisil announced here on wednesday the reserve bank of india (rbi) s revised norms on basel-iii bonds would help ...

fitch ratings on wednesday reaffirmed long- term issuer default ratings (idrs) of nine banks, including state bank of india ...

to provide more flexibility in structuring external commercial borrowings (ecbs), the reserve bank of india (rbi) has allowed ...

so far, more than 25 million bank accounts have been opened under the jan dhan yojana and all these individuals will be eligible ...

bharti axa life insurance today introduced a unique traditional non-participating plan- bharti axa life elite advantage. the plan ...

says borrowers with a credit score of 700 and above have a higher chance of getting their loan and credit card applications ...

thomas cook has announced a tie up with allpoint network enabling its prepaid foreign currency card users surcharge free usage at ...

the central vigilance commission (cvc) has red-flagged appointment process of some senior level officers in public sector banks ...

reserve bank of india has now clarified that dividend being credited to the savings banks account is going to be treated as a ...

to expedite credit decision, the reserve bank today asked banks to set a timeline for disposal of loan proposals but did not ...

private life insurer hdfc life announced the launch of its new health insurance product health assure plan, aimed at providing a ...

a reserve bank of india (rbi) ban on indian banks buying new issues of infrastructure bonds has handicapped prime minister ...

irda has said insurance companies would be required to display information about any unclaimed amount above rs 1,000 on their ...

currency counterfeiters appear to have started focusing more on the rs 100 and rs 1,000 denominations, even though the ...

reliance general insurance company ltd has been held guilty of unfair trade practices by a consumer forum here which directed ...

public sector lender bank of maharashtra plans to raise up to rs 1,000 crore through long-term infrastructure bonds to manage ...

at a time when the uncertain macro-economic environment and fear of delinquencies have persuaded most lenders to decelerate the ...

sending a strong signal to those dressing up their illicit money-pooling schemes as credit cooperative societies or other ...

the reserve bank of india could cut policy rates by 75-100 basis points starting early 2015 even if the us fed hikes rates next ...

while the banks are integrating their systems to ensure that one person does not open multiple accounts, claims processing could ...

it is currently rebalancing its portfolio to de-risk its business and also comply with regulatory norms for the priority sector ...

the government has ordered limited forensic audit into some non-performing accounts of kolkata-based uco bank to find out any ...

microfinance institutions (mfis), which evolved as precursors of the rural thrift credit market in india, are now shifting to ...

the central bureau of investigation (cbi) has registered a case against electrotherm (india) ltd., an ahmedabad based engineering ...

the banking system must have been rocked by the syndicate bank fraud that was unearthed a while ago, but, reserve bank of india ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor r gandhi today said continuous vigilance and intelligence gathering would be the ...

reserve bank of india executive director, deepali pant joshi said that the financial inclusion mandates set by the government or ...

banks are expected to open about 70,000 accounts on the first day of launch of pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana by prime minister ...

rbi governor raghuram rajan will soon be completing his first year as rbi governor. he came in at a time when the rupee was ...

the finance ministry on monday said it was considering bifurcation of the post of chairman and managing director (cmd) in public ...

modi told banks this would be a source of immense satisfaction for them, and that he himself would recognise the achievements of ...

idbi bank today announced it would open two lakh basic accounts as part of the recently floated national-level financial ...

reserve bank of india deputy governor r. gandhi said on monday that the central bank is working with the finance ministry on the ...

the reserve bank has said about 36% of the overall 4.1% bad assets in the system have been created by six sectors of the economy ...

lauding rbi for doing a brilliant job with controlling inflation and stabilising the rupee, leading industrialist anand ...

the reserve bank has clamped down on the entities evading the mandatory additional authentication process where payments are made ...

without naming a specific entity, the central bank said that it had got complaints on breaches of the law as mentioned ...

west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee s brain child--the safe savings scheme is in a limbo, as banks have backed out of the ...

axis bank-country s third largest private sector bank-has now joined the bandwagon of lenders that will be raising money via long ...

concerned over instances of corruption in the psu banks, finance minister arun jaitley today said that government is taking steps ...

reserve bank of india today prescribed rules including loan to value ratio for non banking finance companies (nbfcs) to lend ...

finance minister arun jaitley today said incidents unfair practices in public sector banks were disturbing, but expressed hope ...

finance minister arun jaitley said on thursday that the government was working to tighten up risk management in the banking ...

an interim coo cannot happen as the law does not allow this. the (rbi) act has to be amended first. there is no ambiguity on ...

terms of reference will be to review current tax structure as applicable to various financial instruments issued in indian ...

technology firm linguanext is in discussions with nationalised and private banks for deploying its solutions at atms (automated ...

days after the pm announced a financial inclusion package, a look at how banks and insurance firms are going about it what ...

the pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana will provide accident insurance of rs 1 lakh to all people who open bank accounts under this ...

current pilot includes going to smaller, specific areas such as hill road in bandra and lokhandwala in the western suburb of ...

the insurer has introduced a new edition of its flagship product heartbeat health insurance plan, offering a comprehensive health ...

the banks have already covered over 95% households in rural and urban areas under the existing financial inclusion plan in punjab ...

anita sarage, a 48 year-old employee at a large public sector bank, is already celebrating. sarage, who was recently given a ...

employee unions of four state-owned non-life insurers have called for a merger of all these companies and form a single general ...

health and motor insurance, which are likely to be introduced on insurance repository system (irs) by december, will drive the ...

till now, banks were only allowed to charge customers if they transacted at non-home bank atms more than five times a month. that ...

applications are processed by the cabinet secretary and placed before the appointments committee of cabinet (acc) for its final ...

the finance ministry is likely to finalise by next month the roadmap for rs 2.40 lakh crore capital raising plan of public sector ...

state bank of hyderabad has allocated rs 10 crore towards its corporate social responsibility programmes for this financial year, ...

according to survey by microfinance institution network (mfin), published in february this year, nine out of 14 mfis closed their ...

acknowledging that some banks are reluctant to provide farm loans, agriculture minister radha mohan singh today said efforts ...

state-run lender idbi bank ltd said on tuesday it is not being investigated by the central bureau of investigation (cbi) over a ...

india s largest life insurance company lic had about 73 per cent share in the total premium collected over the last three ...

state bank of india has been asked by a consumer forum here to pay a compensation of rs 5,000 to one of its customers for ...

the rbi today said banks may refinance long term project loans with certain new riders including taking-over of a minimum of 25 ...

over 220,000 bcs had been appointed by banks after the rbi pushed this as a cost-effective way of extending banking services to ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) inspection into the book of accounts of syndicate bank, which is currently underway, has ...

dbs bank india has joined hands with royal sundaram alliance insurance company for distributing general insurance policies to the ...

a day after he lowered slr, the mandatory government bond holding requirements for banks, reserve bank governor raghuram rajan ...

the reserve bank of india s interest rate moves will be guided more by domestic factors than external ones, governor raghuram ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) said it has asked the andhra pradesh government about how a more focused assessment of crop ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor raghuram rajan on tuesday cautioned against extrapolating the issue of alleged graft charges ...

to extend banking facility to all panchayats, the state has assured that banks would be provided space in panchayat buildings and ...

the centre s fiscal consolidation resolve led to the cut in banks mandatory slr for the second time in a row, rbi governor ...

disappointed over rbi s decision to keep interest rates unchanged, india inc today said the central bank could have leveraged ...

the reserve bank today said it has initiated inspection of the book of accounts of syndicate bank, whose cmd s k jain was ...

the reserve bank of india on tuesday maintained its repo rate as well as crr, but cut slr and htm rates by 50 bps to 22% and 24%, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) kept its key policy repo rate unchanged on tuesday as widely expected, but warned about ...

citibank, the foreign lender in the country, has appointed kartik kaushik as the head of its consumer banking business in india, ...

public sector lender syndicate bank is reworking its international banking strategy with london branch focusing on customer ...

srei infrastructure finance said its consolidated net profit for the quarter ended june 30, 2014 increased by 35% from a year ...

the plan, likely to be launched in august 15 by the prime minister narendra modi, aims to open 20 crore accounts under a mission ...

british lender royal bank of scotland (rbs) has posted a 58% jump in pre-tax profit from its india franchise at rs 662.11 crore ...

the reserve bank will continue to buy dollars to shore up the foreign exchange reserves to further buttress the nation s import ...

the directorate of revenue intelligence (dri) has launched a probe after it detected a unique modus operandi to launder money by ...

amid fears of poor monsoon impacting food inflation, the reserve bank may opt for status quo on interest rate in its bi-monthly ...

corporate leaders expect a small relief in interest rates in the upcoming rbi credit policy as inflationary expectations and ...

cbi says jain enhanced credit limit to private companies, in violation of regulations vipul agarwal of prakash industries, along ...

odisha govt has extended time limit for opening of bank branches in 4,597 unbanked gram panchayats in state from three years to ...

six public sector banks have incurred a loss of around rs 1,900 crore up to june 2014 because of credit granted towards crop ...

government today said non-performing assets (npas) of psu banks have mounted due to economic slow down even as recovery increased ...

the finance ministry has appointed sbi capital markets to undertake a study on mergers as well as recapitalisation of state-owned ...

rbi had stated there was no case to restructure crop loans in the state, as yields in areas declared calamity-hit pointed to a ...

the plan has new features like international cashless treatment for nine major critical illnesses, worldwide emergency medical ...

the reserve bank has cancelled the licenses of six delhi-based non banking financial companies following which they would not be ...

central bank of india has said it is in the process of selling 4% of its stake to life insurance corporation through an ...

citing the urgent need for turning the country into an export powerhouse and the prevalent practices in competing nations, the ...

the lender is planning to issue 10-year bonds worth rs 500 cr with an equal over-allotment option, people familiar with the ...

icici bank is expected to raise at least 5 billion rupees ($83.24 million) via 10-year bonds intended towards infrastructure ...

punjab national bank today reported q1 net profit of rs 1,405 crore compared to rs 1,275.3 crore in the year-ago period, an ...

greenko, rolta global cloud xchange lead way in tapping foreign bond market bankers say mid-sized firms to raise $4 bn in ...

khan said rbi is committed to provide a conducive regulatory environment to ensure hassle free financial services by financial ...

establishment of greenhouses on one acre costs rs 35-40 lakh and banks are generally hesitant to finance such high-value farming ...

muthoot fincorp ltd, the flagship company of the muthoot pappachan group, today welcomed rbi s draft guidelines for licensing of ...

credit pick-up continued to inch up for the second fortnight in a row rising 13.67 per cent to rs 61,21,418 crore for the ...

on wednesday, yes bank s board approved raising rs 3,000 crore through long-term bonds. even axis bank had announced similar ...

kapur s counsel presented copies of the correspondence between the two institutions during 2010-13 to challenge the promoter ...

due to their size, cross-jurisdictional activities, complexity, lack of substitutability and interconnectedness, such banks ...

within a week of the budget, rbi issued draft guidelines for setting up small banks and payment banks. rbi in its guidelines said ...

bangalore-based public sector lender canara bank today said it would raise rs 3,000 crore via qualified institutional placement ...

the sale of two big sets of stressed loans, of bharati shipyards (rs 8,000 crore) and hotel leelaventure (rs 4,000 crore), is ...

as a debate continues on alleged black money of indians in swiss banks, the authorities in switzerland have come across a ...

confident of icici bank becoming india s biggest in terms of size as well overall performance, its chief chanda kochhar has said ...

finance ministry is contemplating to tweak the budget proposal for hiking capital gains tax to 20% for debt mutual fund investors ...

on july 2, bandhan, the microfinance institution, which recently got an in-principal nod from the reserve bank of india to start ...

state bank of india has undertaken today a campaign home loan on wheels , with its chairperson arundhati bhattacharya flagging ...

nbfcs are not happy with the restrictions on branch expansion in the draft norms on licensing of small banks released by the rbi ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) draft guidelines for licensing of small banks has failed to impress microfinance companies. ...

trading volumes in government securities are set to get a boost with the entry of payments banks, mandated by the reserve bank to ...

foreign exchange reserves rose by $643.2 million for the week ended july 11 to $317.04 billion, show reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

consultancy firm deloitte today said rbi s move to allow specialised banking entities such as payment banks will go a long way in ...

raising fdi cap in the insurance sector will spur growth in this industry, ensuring entry of more players, insurance regulatory ...

hdfc property fund, a part of financial sector conglomerate hdfc group, today announced the closure of usd 250 million ...

domestic ratings agency icra today said banks, especially the state-run ones, will benefit at the expense of housing finance ...

account holders of state bank of india will soon be able to get mobile-based, personalised information on the farm sector ...

domestic rating agency icra today said retail-focussed non-bank lenders have witnessed a surge in asset quality issues during the ...

with bandhan, slated to set-up the headquarter of its proposed banking venture in the city, applications are pouring for a job in ...

icici bank, the country s largest private sector lender, today said it has introduced a convenient banking service for indians ...

the five brics countries have not discussed coordinated forex intervention in global markets, but it is an idea worth thinking ...

banks get bonds boost to raise funds for core sector up to rs 50 lakh of home loans in metros and rs 40 lakh in other cities not ...

as new players get ready to join india s banking space, top banker chanda kochhar feels there is space for a few large banks and ...

state bank of india today slashed the interest rate on short-term fixed deposits up to 179 days by 0.5 per cent, a move expected ...

bank not to accept deposits more than rs 50,000 per customer no lending activity allowed, can only invest in government ...

banks will have to look to small and medium enterprises (smes) for improving their profitability and registering growth, even as ...

small industries and development bank of india (sidbi) will fund to the tune of nearly rs 1000 crore this financial year to ...

as indian banks battle a sharp rise in bad loans over the recent past, top banker chanda kochhar says there could be some more ...

with the budgetary proposal to hike foreign direct investment cap to 49 per cent from the existing 26 per cent in the private ...

micro-finance institution (mfi) bandhan which is gearing up its banking foray, has got commitment from world bank for further ...

top private sector lender icici bank will consider listing its two insurance units to unlock value at an opportune time when it ...

private insurer indiafirst life insurance today said it has tied up with karnataka vikas grameena bank (kvgb) to offer simple ...

keen to raise the foreign investment limit to 49% in the insurance sector, the finance ministry has said that it will try to push ...

state-owned life insurer lic has shored up its stake in infosys to 3.82%, purchasing shares worth about rs 1,100 crore in the ...

finance minister arun jaitley s fy15 budget isn t spectacular. but then, a six-week-old government s first budget isn t expected ...

slow economic growth, muted business confidence and an uncertain macro economic environment appear to have squeezed the ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) net dollar-buying declined in may compared to the previous month as the central bank continued ...

it is encouraging to see the fm sticking to his predecessor s fy15 fiscal deficit target of 4.1%. but it is not clear how this ...

the fm has accepted the limitations being faced by the economy and decided to go about fixing it over time. the increase in plan ...

finance minister arun jaitley in his budget speech today said that the foreign direct investment (fdi) cap will be raised to 49% ...

banks say these will help channelise savings of retail investors to productive resources, rather than these flowing into ...

estimates suggest that there is 20-25% rise in the business from the nri segment, even though it contributes a small percentage ...

issuing senior long-term bonds may help public sector banks correct their asset liability mismatches and also improve liquidity ...

brokerage houses believe like in earlier quarters, private banks will be on a much better footing than their public sector ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today revised the file and use norms in the group and immediate annuity ...

in the past 18 months, 21 firms announced 36 deals to divest assets and sell equity to strategic partners, to raise a total of rs ...

the government plans to increase foreign direct investment in the insurance sector to 49 per cent with a rider that voting right ...

the increase in the online transaction had promptedbanks to give the customers more options to transact via the online ...

hectic trading continues in the shares of south indian bank sib as a follow on of last week and the price peaked to an all time ...

state-run lender dena bank has sought rs 1,200 crore capital infusion from government in the current fiscal, a top bank official ...

used commercial vehicle financier shriram transport finance company (stfc) is betting big on the mining sector to boost the ...

in january, pfrda had said all existing private nps fund managers and new players would have to take part in a re-application ...

for a year now, yes bank s proposal to induct three of its senior management executives into the board of directors is pending ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will issue the guidelines that will be used to grant on-tap and differentiated banking licenses ...

care ratings has placed rating for dhanlaxmi bank s tier ii bonds under credit watch after private sector lender reported loss ...

the governor spoke after meeting queen maxima of netherlands, who is the un secretary general s special advocate for inclusive ...

for providing banking services in all the 4597 unbanked gram panchayats (gps) of the state, the state level banker s committee ...

the reduction is effected on six slabs of different maturity period starting from 46 days to 1 year in respect of deposits of rs ...

standard chartered bank today announced that it has entered into a strategic bancassurance partnership with icici prudential life ...

the state bank of india (sbi) on tuesday said it does not have a magic wand to deal with non-performing assets (npas), which rose ...

even as the uncertainty over charging users for atm transactions continues, nation s largest lender state bank of india today ...

state bank of india (sbi) chairperson arundhati bhattacharya today said she does not have a magic wand to deal with bad loans, ...

first issue is to hit the market on coming wednesday, where company plans to raise rs 500 cr, with an option to retain ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has quietly switched to using an electronic bond trading platform to manage cash levels in the ...

the indian banks association (iba) has suggested levying a fee on cash withdrawals from atms in cities by customers of other ...

national small industries corporation (nsic) has sought to dispel lenders perception that mses are a high risk area, quoting ...

private sector general insurers gained their combined market share to 44 per cent in fy14 despite the depressed economic ...

public sector united india insurance company has emerged winner for implementing the tamil nadu government s ambitious health ...

with gold imports having pressured the current account gap in the recent past, there is a greater need to make use of gold ...

non convertible debentures (ncds) have recently become the preferred route of investment for multilateral agency international ...

madhu kapur has challenged the appointment of directors and the reappointment of rana kapoor as managing director and chief ...

us-based principal financial group has acquired 4.03 per cent of vijaya bank s stake in principal pnb mutual fund. the group has ...

after this, banks can continue to furnish data with regard to wilful defaulters to credit information firms on a monthly or a ...

representatives of the trade unions of public sector bank employees on friday met finance minister arun jaitley and sought his ...

indian overseas bank has received shareholders approval to raise capital up to rs 1,200 crore by way of qualified institutional ...

small industries and development bank of india (sidbi) is planning to mop up about rs 18,000 crore from the market through ...

the reserve bank of india will be open on july 1, during its annual closing of accounts, to facilitate settlement of market and ...

in india, shadow banking entities essentially refer to the large number of unregulated companies that act as financial ...

ishaat hussain, a director at tata aig general insurance has been appointed as the chairman of the company, with effect from june ...

bank has installed on-site atms in most of branches, intends to open 200 e-lobbies across india in addition to cash management ...

indusind bank has opened its third currency chest in the country, in chennai. the bank has drawn up a plan for setting up a ...

bank deposits grew at 13.91 per cent year-on-year to rs 79,00,894 crore as of june 13, similar to credit growth, according to rbi ...

the compulsory third party (tp) motor cover will only have a limited liability, with an option to have covers for additional ...

the high court on tuesday directed yes bank to give it a video recording of the bank s agm held on june 14 by wednesday morning. ...

the rbi has also fixed timelines for in-principle approval to banks for ipos, preferential issue of capital and qip (30 days) and ...

the amount involved in sick mse units as on march 31, 2014 is 3.09 per cent of total mse credit, as against 2.49 per cent as on ...

ifmr capital, the chennai based non-banking finance company (nbfc), today announced india s first collateralised bond obligation ...

the reserve bank of india has appointed an administrator to run mumbai-based urban cooperative lender, kapol cooperative bank. ...

state-owned uco bank today said it has sought capital support worth rs 1,000 crore from the government for the current fiscal to ...

ahead of the budget, the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) has taken up with the government taxation issues for the ...

armed with powers given through an ordinance to take on investment frauds, sebi chairman u k sinha today said he hopes it would ...

ifmr investment managers private limited is promoted by ifmr trust, which is part of the institute for financial management and ...

the industry-wide bipartite wage settlement negotiations held in a meeting on june 13 has turned futile for the bank employees, ...

state-run banks may continue to see stress on the asset quality and their gross non-performing assets are likely to be in the ...

the quantum of bad loans for the public sector banks may rise again in the first half of this financial year, rating agency icra ...

india s power sector will continue to be a source of asset quality risk for banks if the poor financial profiles of state ...

private life insurer sbi life insurance has filed a special leave petition in the supreme court in response to the allahabad high ...

united bank of india (ubi), which scripted a turnaround by returning to profitability in january-march quarter, plans to raise up ...

country s second largest state-run lender punjab national bank (pnb) today said interest rates are unlikely to come down in next ...

banks have so far disbursed over rs 4,000 crore interest-free loans of the total rs 6,600 crore approved by the government to ...

sks microfinance limited, the only listed microfinance company in the country stated that its credit rating for bank borrowings ...

the use of internet has improved the overall banking services in india, but, it has also led to a heightened activity by cyber ...

to facilitate access to finance and credit for smes, the confederation of indian industry (cii) on monday set up an online ...

the rupee would weaken further this week and could breach the 60-a-dollar mark.the currency fell to a one month low on friday on ...

bharatiya mahila bank (bmb), incorporated under the companies act last fiscal to extend banking services especially to women, is ...

a strong government at the centre and stability in macro economic factors are likely to keep rating outlook of the country s ...

thereserve bank of india (rbi) plans to offer banking licences on tap after itrevises and issues guidelines on setting up banks ...

fm might next month launch mobile banking services for people not using smartphones, the move aims at pushing financial inclusion ...

bankers and industry experts believe that this will not only bring migrant workers but also students and people with a ...

rbi deputy governor h r khan on thursday said chasing growth with a pressure cooker-like work culture might put private banks in ...

the reserve bank of india will come out with a payment bank soon, deputy governor h. r. khan said on thursday.

the lcr norms are to ensure banks have enough short-term liquidity to survive any stress-like scenario arising in the following ...

employees unions of public sector banks are scheduled to meet indian banks association (iba) on friday to discuss the issue of ...

though not openly, especially on taking away state control of operations also point to acute need for more capital, quality of ...

concerned over rising bad loans, heads of banks and financial institutions today suggested creation of national asset management ...

unless regulatory arbitrage was reduced, there would be a tendency to avail of gaps, adding not being able to address this issue ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday simplified know-your-customer (kyc) norms for opening bank accounts. this has come as a ...

the export credit guarantee corporation of india (ecgc) will provide a direct factoring facility for micro, small and medium ...

in major relief to migrant workers who faces roadblocks while opening a bank account due to lack of proof of local address, the ...

public sector lender idbi bank plans to raise equity capital upto rs 4,000 crore to shore up capital adequacy ratio and ability ...

with addition of over 10,000 jobs last fiscal, icici bank has overtaken rival hdfc bank as the biggest employer in the private ...

non-life insurers earned gross premium of rs 77,541.50 crore in march 2014, up 12.2 per cent from a year ago, as per data ...

one senior public banker said before going full steam, a few cases should be entrusted with the arc. learning from this can help ...

in the earlier bidding process that took place last week, sources said reliance mf had emerged the lowest bidder at one paisa for ...

most insurers have a basic training course for new agents in the system to acclimatise them with the industry practices and its ...

the government plans to convert a $46 million investment in united bank of india (ubi) into equity to bolster capital buffers at ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) has allowed registered foreign institutional investors (fiis), qualified foreign investors (qfis) ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) today said the shares of an indian company held by the non-resident investor can be pledged in favour ...

the bank of england (boe) stuck to its plan to nurse the economy back to full health with record low interest rates on thursday, ...

australia and new zealand banking group (anz) today said that it has received in-principle approval from the reserve bank to open ...

australia and new zealand banking group (anz) today said it has received in-principle approval from the reserve bank of india ...

rupee ended higher on wednesday on foreign fund inflows into debt and equity, though a sharper rise was capped by heavy dollar ...

the banks in india have been increasingly offering online platform to its customer for their convenience, but it has also ...

unit-linked insurance products (ulips) that have a component of equity investment as an element are seeing an increase in ...

bandhan mfi, which got a banking license from the rbi in april, plans to list on the stock exchanges after three years of ...

reserve bank of india governor raghuram rajan kept key policy repo rate unchanged at 8% on tuesday, as widely expected. the ...

reserve bank of india governor raghuram rajan is expected to keep the country s key lending rate unchanged and temper his tough ...

finance ministry is contemplating raising fdi cap in insurance sector from 26 per cent to 49 per cent with some riders like ...

premium income of non-life insurers grew by 6.73 per cent to rs 8,421.45 crore in april this year, according to data of insurance ...

non-performing assets (npas) of banks in odisha has climbed to 7.69 per cent by the end of march 2014 mainly due to high ...

however, 89% of the respondents believe health insurance is a necessity for tobacco users given the increasing hospitalisation ...

public sector lender canara bank is targetting an aggregate business of rs 8.50 lakh crore this fiscal with plans to add 1,250 ...

micro finance industry s gross loan portfolio (glp) registered a growth of 35 per cent to rs 27,931 crore in fy 2013-14 ended ...

within days of it being told to cut promoter holding, private sector lender kotak mahindra bank today said a promoter group ...

yes bank ltd has raised $500 million in a share sale to institutional investors, two bankers involved in the deal said, the first ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor raghuram rajan today said he expected to join hands with the country s new government to ...

mumbai, 29 mayprivate sector lender yes bank is set to raise $500 million by issuing fresh shares to a cluster of investors. this ...

in a step to help public sector banks to recover bad loans, the finance ministry has asked the i-t department to share details of ...

international rating agency moody s has warned that implementation of the bank resolution regime as proposed by the high-level ...

amidst uncertainties over the hdfc bank fdi proposal, the private sector bank managing director aditya puri today said the ...

in view of the mounting bad loans of banks, ficci has suggested setting up of a national asset management company (namco) to take ...

taking forward its deal to acquire the assets of morgan stanley mutual fund in india, hdfc mutual fund has begun the process of ...

life insurers including state-run behemoth lic are finding themselves in a tricky situation over a new regulatory requirement of ...

extending losses for the third day, the rupee on tuesday fell 33 paise - its biggest drop in over two months - to end at 59.04 ...

icra said around 40% of the amount raised would be in tier-ii capital bonds, while the remaining would be in additional tier-i ...

deutsche bank ag, europe s biggest investment bank, plans to expand in fixed-income trading in europe and the u s as the ...

private life insurer bajaj allianz life insurance has been rated aaa for its ability to settle claims and financial strength by ...

rather than restricting banking correspondent as a tellar for banks, it should be deployed as a feasible instrument for ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said that all non-banking finance companies (nbfc) will need the regulator s prior approval ...

rbi-appointed panel has recommended that promoters be allowed to hold 25% stake in private sector banks as against the present ...

private life insurer hdfc life is preparing for its international foray after it got permission to set up a subsidiary in the ...

the foreign investment promotion board (fipb) will take a call on increasing foreign investment in hdfc bank.the proposal to ...

all new atms to be installed by commercial banks from july 2014 onwards would provide audible instructions and braille keypads to ...

the banking system in punjab has achieved all the national goals in the fiscal year 2013-14 in respect of priority sector, ...

the patel committee had suggested inflation targeting should be rbi s singular mandate and the central bank be accountable for ...

a meeting to take the views of the industry department, finance ministry and the reserve bank of india (rbi) on raising the ...

european union antitrust regulators charged hsbc, jpmorgan and credit agricole on tuesday with rigging financial benchmarks ...

in the wake of rising pressure from stressed assets, consolidating their operations and getting their houses in order have become ...

the recommendations by a reserve bank committee to improve corporate governance structures at public sector banks are ...

the rupee could continue to appreciate this week after a historic win for the bharatiya janata party in the general elections. ...

state-run dena bank is targeting a 20 per cent growth in post-tax profit this fiscal, over the rs 551.6 crore in the previous ...

bank deposits grew 14.8 per cent year-on-year to rs 78,88,416 crore as of may 2, faster than credit growth, according to the rbi ...

the zurich-based bank would pay about $1.7 bn to the justice department, at least $600 mn to the new york department of financial ...

state banks plan to tap capital markets for billions of dollars after a new government takes office, executives and bankers say, ...

chennai, 15 maylakshmi vilas bank has reported a growth of 23 per cent in net profit at rs 21.03 crore, during the quarter ended ...

the former axis bank and morgan stanley india head says one of the main focus of the report was to level the playing field for ...

the indian banking sector is witnessing a sudden wave of interest from private equity (pe) investors. the past two months have ...

united bank of india (ubi) today said it has filed a winding up petition against rei agro for failing to repay rs 224 crore loans ...

if there is one point that comes out clearly from pj nayak s panel report on public sector banks, it is about taking the ...

a reserve bank committee has come out against the central bank s insistence on new lenders listing in three years, saying the ...

india has seen an improvement in state-run banks bad loans in the last quarter, a senior finance ministry official said on ...

finance minister p chidambaram has asked state-run insurers to increase their market share and stressed the need to enhance ...

finance minister p. chidambaram will hold a meeting with the chief executive officers (ceos) of public sector banks (psbs) and ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) believes that corporates should voluntarily access the bond market for meeting their financial ...

bharatiya mahila bank has said it is well-capitalised and does not require to raise funds at present. finance minister p ...

health insurance, which has an almost 23% market share in the general insurance space, has seen the increased claims ratio touch ...

former reserve bank of india deputy governor, k c chakrabarty today said rise in non performing assets (npa) or bad loan in the ...

earlier this week rbi allowed minors above 10 years to operate savings a c independently, but left it to banks to fix age and ...

this is first time banking regulator considering such an exercise, a departure from present practice granting only universal bank ...

the life insurance industry has seen a 11.5% rise in new premiums for fy14. life insurers collected total premiums of rs 119,641 ...

bajaj allianz life insurance has launched a non-linked immediate annuity plan called pension guarantee. apart from providing a ...

apart from streamlining loan processing, most public sector banks charge lower interest rate, an aspect which seems to be game ...

reserve bank clarified that its directive regarding ban on prepayment penalty on floating rate loans is applicable for individual ...

within a day of reserve bank of india s (rbi) guidelines on opening of bank accounts by minors aged 10 and above, the ...

indian insurance companies are expected to spend rs 11,700 crore on it products and services in 2014, about 5 per cent higher ...

providing relief to borrowers, reserve bank today directed banks not to levy any penalty on individual borrowers for pre-paying ...

banks however can fix limits in terms of age and amount up to which minors may be allowed to operate the deposit accounts ...

big-wigs of indian politics appear to have full faith in good old state-run insurer lic when it comes to taking insurance cover ...

wants to discuss key issues pertaining to banking sector such as asset quality, recovery of loans, credit growth and priority ...

for operative accounts, customers of icici bank and hdfc bank are charged rs 750 per quarter if they don t maintain a minimum ...

minors above 10 years of age can open and operate independently savings bank account and use other facilities like atm and cheque ...

reserve bank will shortly issue banknotes of rs 1000 denomination in the mahatma gandhi series-2005 bearing the signature of ...

current rules governing investments by pfs bar them from making deposits with commercial banks when net npas are more than 2% of ...

in 2013-14, exide life insurance doubled its profits to rs 53 cr driven by growth in renewal premiums and improvements in ...

the insurance regulator has said that where an insurer adopts the trade logo of any of its promoting partners, there shall be a ...

bank to augment non-interest and fee-based income, increase share of casa deposits, improve interest spread and monitor ...

expressing concerns over the deteriorating asset quality of banks, industry body cii has suggested a 5-point action plan to deal ...

the finance ministry has asked public sector banks to step up efforts for mobilising low-cost casa deposits and focus on recovery ...

banks say they want to gauge market conditions as well as investor appetite post-elections before raising funds through the qip ...

the financial stability and development council (fsdc) s group has proposed a single independent financial resolution authority ...

trend micro survey reveals that 15 bank related mobile apps and 39 online payment gateways stand the risk of being exposed to ...

the us securities and exchange commission (sec) is probing whether a number of hedge funds many have acted improperly when they ...

the all india bank employees association (aibea) has strongly opposed the move by state bank of india (sbi) to hand over regular ...

india s largest microfinance institution, bandhan, will simultaneously open nearly 700 bank branches, spread over 22 states, to ...

bank credit to industry grew 13.1% to rs 25.23 lakh crore in march, 2014, slower than than in the year ago month, as demand from ...

the insurance regulator today said that even a minor change in shareholding pattern (wherein the paid-up equity holding of the ...

the bombay high court has adjourned the hearing on the case between madhu kapur and yes bank until june 19, 2014. the case will ...

all india bank employees association aibea has strongly opposed sbi move to hand over regular banking services to reliance ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will have to buy forex reserves to the tune of $80 billion by march 2016 if it were to at least ...

infrastructure financing firm ifci has reduced its benchmark lending rate by 0.5 percentage points to 12.20 per cent with effect ...

earlier, madhu had claimed her right as co-promoter of the bank was violated, as she was not consulted before appointment of ...

the foreign investment promotion board (fipb) is likely to reject hdfc bank s proposal to allow further foreign holdings as it ...

bank arguing that banking not a family business and financial family successors do not automatically become part of promoter ...

company issued 11.2 mn policies in fy 2014, a growth of 21.7% over last year s 9.2 mn policies

as part of the strategy to contain bad debts, the finance ministry has directed all public sector banks to accord top priority to ...

even as the public sector banks have made a beeline to dispose of their bad loans to the asset reconstruction companies (arcs) in ...

insurance sector regulator irda is seeking an information technology consultant to help it to streamline processes and lower the ...

rbi has been placing the main points of discussions of the meetings of tac on monetary policy in the public domain with a lag of ...

after a decade low growth in profit by hdfc bank, its main competitor icici bank has also disappointed with a lower than expected ...

india has taken steps to clamp down on the growing trend among banks to convert rupee exposure into overseas debt in a move ...

outgoing reserve bank deputy governor k c chakrabarty today termed his stint at the central bank as very satisfactory, but said ...

the system will provide accessible services across all parts of the country through a strong network of operational units agents ...

the bank had targeted to provide the crop loan rs 7,000-cr during 2013-14 which included rs 3,500-cr each for kharif and rabi ...

of the 369 million debit and credit cards in the country, 10-15 per cent are used only for online transactions, the reserve bank ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has barred companies from repaying domestic loans through funds raised through external ...

the sfc said in a statement rbs failed to detect and prevent unauthorised trades in its emerging markets rates business in the ...

private general insurer bajaj allianz general insurance has launched a health insurance plan called the surgical protection plan ...

the reserve bank of india is discussing ways to ensure an orderly rollout of its unpopular proposal to price state government ...

buying a cheaper pure term policy or renewing a motor insurance policy may not be the only reason to go online. insurance ...

india s central bank might have found it difficult to stem the rupee s sharp depreciation during the currency crisis of 2013 by ...

those who were young, had high income, were highly educated and internet-savvy displayed higher confidence on family protection ...

several aspirants not getting rbi nod is being seen as a sort of closure to current round of debate over corporate groups being ...

french banking major bnp paribas is keen to push growth of its asset management business in india, which it sees as one of the ...

it said 40 per cent of india s population falls into the financially-excluded category, and highlighted not so encouraging ...

non-compete clauses are common in merger acquisitions (m as) where the sellers agree not to launch business in the same ...

the indian banks association (iba) is reconsidering a long-standing demand from employee unions to keep bank branches open for ...

private sector general insurer liberty videocon general insurance aims to achieve gross written premium of rs 250 crore in the ...

the rally in the government bond prices seen last may not sustain due to the continuous supply of debt every week and the caution ...

insurance sector regulator irda has formed a working group to review file use (f u) guidelines to ensure availability ...

focus was back into the group policies in the life insurance segment, while traditional life products were showing good traction ...

agency would partner with organisations through its bima bemisaal campaign to drive home the importance of insurance among the ...

soon after partnering with hair and beauty salon naturals, to offer loans to women entrepreneurs to become franchisee of the ...

the reserve bank of india on thursday fully sold the 200 billion rupees ($3.31 billion) worth of bonds on offer at its biggest ...

since taking the helm of the reserve bank of india, raghuram rajan s agenda to reform markets has put the noses of mumbai bond ...

to reduce time taken for product approvals, irda has asked life insurers to submit a product planner before the beginning of ...

the bangalore circle of state bank of india (sbi), has crossed rs 14,800 crore in home loans for 2013-14, showing a growth of 20% ...

goldman persuaded the needmor fund - which had sponsored a lobbying-disclosure proposal on the investment bank s proxy in 2013 - ...

first-quarter adjusted net income rose to $4.15 billion, or $1.30 a share, from $4 billion, or $1.29 a share a year earlier, the ...

as domestic interest rates are likely to remain elevated for some more time, corporates and banks are hitting the international ...

faced with unprecedented levels of stressed assets, banks led by the country s largest lender sbi sold over rs 10,000 crore of ...

the finance ministry is contemplating giving a fixed tenure to chairmen and managing directors of state-owned banks in order to ...

nearly 65 per cent of the people who have health insurance are covered by private players but state-owned firms outperform them ...

according to mfis operating in rural areas, private banks have been charging interest rates of 24-26 per cent on a reducing ...

foreign investors appear not to be enthused with prevailing positive sentiments for the state-owned banks. at a time when most ...

rs 25 lakh fine imposed due to service agreements entered with various entities engaged for providing services of lead generation ...

the governor also questioned the extreme monetary easing adopted by some developed countries, with repercussions on emerging ...

special-situation funds have $3-5 billion to buy bad loans and restructured assets from indian banks, but often, they cannot do ...

indiafirst life insurance saw a 28 per cent rise in new premium for fy 2013-14. the company s gross new business premium grew ...

the reserve bank of india has asked banks with offices abroad to formulate a policy for overseas real-estate transactions. the ...

rblbank, formerly known as ratnakar bank, today said it has raised rs 328 crorefrom a group of global investors. the capital ...

ublicsector banks may see their bottomline coming under pressure for yet anotherquarter due to higher provision towards stressed ...

digitisation of insurance policies may take some more time to take off on a large scale, with customers not too eager to convert ...

digitisation of insurance policies may take some more time to take off a large scale, with customers not being too eager to ...

raghuram rajan had stated that the central bank will follow an on-tap policy, implying that more and more licences will be ...

government bonds fell for a fourth straight session on monday, hitting their lowest level in four months as investors continued ...

goldman sachs group inc (gs), rothschild and zaoui co are among banks that may split as much as $100 million in fees for ...

barclays settled the first uk civil lawsuit filed over allegations the bank manipulated libor, weeks before the trial was ...

private life insurer aegon religare life insurance (arli) has launched an online game, kochadaiiyaan s reign of arrows , based ...

sbi general insurance hopes to maintain its growth momentum of recent years and has set a 60 per cent target in premium growth in ...

india s largest banker sbi is selling off its non-performing assets (npa) of around rs 3,500 -4,000 crore for the financial year ...

it had been reported that idfc would reduce its exposure to the infrastructure sector over the next 18 months as it enters ...

broken into stages existing shareholders will directly own shares in the new bank as well as through parent firm impact on ...

after launching accounts on facebook and youtube, the country s largest lender sbi today took one more step on the social media ...

first leasing company of india ltd, which has been looking for an entrepreneur to take over the management of the crisis-ridden ...

reserve bank governor raghuram rajan today said it is shameful that so many people in india don t have access to banking, and ...

satin creditcare network limited (scnl), a microfinance institution, has announced the successful completion of its recent round ...

india s credit card base may have topped 20 million in the just concluded 2013-14 (april-march) financial year - its highest ...

strongly disapproving requests for regulatory forbearance in cases of asset quality stress made by lenders and corporates, ...

reserve bank governor raghuram rajan today defended handing out just two licences out of the 25 banking applicants saying the ...

ubi reported a net loss of rs 1,238 cr for the quarter ended december, compared to rs 42.2 cr of profit during the corresponding ...

apart from banking operations and development, r gandhi will be in-charge of non-banking supervision, urban banks, expenditure ...

in a letter to the nhb, the housing finance firms pointed out that in the absence of a level-playing field in the market, large ...

idfc ltd, which received an in-principle licence to start a bank, will see a big hit on its profitability in the medium term due ...

the emergence of new banking players with the approval for new banking licences on wednesday has spurred a once in a lifetime ...

the credit growth of the banking system grew 14.31 per cent year-on-year in the fortnight ended march 21, show reserve bank of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will conduct a 13-day term repo variable rate auction for a notified amount of rs 60,000 crore on ...

state-owned punjab national bank today said it has raised rs 500 crore from bonds to fund the business growth plans. bank has ...

armed with an in-principle banking licence from rbi, city-based micro-finance(mf) institution bandhan financial services would ...

rbi advised banks disbursing gml to carry out independent credit appraisal of borrower and not rely solely on stand-by lc bg ...

contrary to the finance ministry s initial idea that some large industrial houses could be given bank licences, the reserve bank ...

the immediate tasks will be to create a non-operative financial holding company, build a core banking software platform and ...

after two years of intense rating downgrades, rating agencies crisil and icra expect a gradual improvement in corporate credit ...

former fm (now president) pranab mukherjee first proposed the entry of new players in the banking sector during his union budget ...

the government has nominated gurdial singh sandhu, financialservices secretary in the board of reserve bank of india (rbi) in ...

shares of non-banking finance companies like idfc and lic housing finance have shot up after the election commission cleared ...

the asian development bank (adb) on tuesday said it expected the reserve bank of india (rbi) to maintain a tight monetary stance ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will not issue certificates for non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) until an appropriate ...

the bank has set a target of rs 83,000 crore total business comprising of rs 48,000 crore deposits and rs 35,000 crore of ...

stating that issues at united bank of india (ubi), which is struggling with a high level of asset stress, are due to poor ...

sending a strong signal that large foreign banks will have to operate as wholly-owned units for better regulatory control, ...

state bank of mysore (sbm) plans to raise rs 425 crore through a rights issue to augment its equity capital. the board of ...

reserve bank governor raghuram rajan today said it is open to the merger of banks and wants them to decide where more value can ...

emis for housing and car loans are likely to remain unchanged after the reserve bank today maintained the status quo on the key ...

the practice of window dressing by state-run banks towards the end of every financial year to meet performance objectives came ...

affirming that the grant of new bank licences is a regulatory process and not political, rbi governor raghuram rajan today said ...

indian companies say the reserve bank of india action on keeping the interest rates unchanged is on the expected lines and ceos ...

according to general insurance company executives, even though the overall motor cover prices might go up, it will not be able to ...

in her first public speech since becoming fed chair two months ago, yellen cited the struggles of three american workers in ...

the rupee is expected to appreciate further from the current levels, while government bond yields might drop. the movement of the ...

private lender federal bank may explore the possibility of entering into credit card business in 2015-16 as part of its ...

given the low investor appetite and complex structure of the basel iii-compliant tier 1 bonds, banks are wary of issuing such ...

rbi adds $5 bn to forex kitty since mid-march rupee breaches 60-a-dollar mark but analysts say central bank will cap further ...

reserve bank of india governor raghuram rajan expressed concern about the growing non-performing assets (npas) of banks, ...

reserve bank of india has treated public sector banks with kid gloves over the past few months. in its latest move, the central ...

fears of a possible el nino threat to monsoon is likely to turn general insurers cautious in risk-taking, especially in the crop ...

the reserve bank decision to defer the implementation of basel iii capital regulations by a year to march 2019 will give relief ...

the deferral of deadline for banks to comply with basel iii guidelines to march 2019 (from march 2018 earlier), does not solve ...

kerala-based federal bank and us royal exchange have entered into the first remittance arrangement for making speedier rupee ...

hyderabad-based financial services company zenmoney has entered the insurance broking service business under zenmoney insurance ...

reuters market eye - shares in state-run banks including top lender state bank of india (sbi) and bank of baroda (bob) closed ...

sreiinfrastructure finance today said it has been permitted by the reserve bank ofindia (rbi) to set up at least 9,000 white ...

with the mfis realigning their fund allocations, south asia, the traditional microfinance hub, is facing challenge from africa ...

neogrowth credit extends short term working capital and inventory loans to small merchants in india against future credit and ...

standalone health insurer cigna ttk health insurance today launched a health insurance product prohealth with an add-on ...

the committee comprises rbi governor, the union govt s secretaries for financial services and personnel training, and two ...

the reserve bank today met a select group of public sector and foreign banks ahead of the forthcoming bi-monthly policy meet ...

on friday, rbi infused rs 40,000 crore through a 14-day term repo variable rate auction and will infuse rs 20,000 crore through a ...

kolkata mumbai, 24 marchin a setback to yes bank, the bombay high court on monday admitted a plea of madhu kapur, widow of yes ...

export-import bank of india (exim bank) has raised $500 million through dollar-denominated regulation s (reg s) bonds for a ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has asked insurance companies to pay rs 20 lakh each to the common services ...

a consumer court in chennai has directed axis bank to pay a compensation of rs 5 lakh to dipika pallikal, squash champion and ...

bharatiya mahila bank, the first women s bank in india and a wholly-owned government institution, today opened a branch here, its ...

all india bank employees association (aibu) has asked the election commission not to give any permission to the reserve bank of ...

the rupee is expected to appreciate this week, amid dollar flows into the domestic market. and government bond yields are seen ...

there has been a huge rise in the number of people under 30 years of age seeking credit in the last five years, according to ...

the bharatiya mahila bank (bmb) -- india s first all-women bank -- will open three more branches in three capital cities of the ...

ahead of the annual credit policy, yes bank managing director rana kapoor has pitched for a 0.5 per cent cut in interest rate by ...

state-owned punjab national bank (pnb) may raise capital through rights issue next fiscal to enhance its capital base. next ...

the government has set hospital rates for a large number of treatments. existing ailments are covered from day one and there is ...

bharatiya mahila bank limited (bmb), india s first women s bank launched by the government four months ago, is considering to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has imposed a monetary penalty of rs 5 lakh on amreli nagarik sahakari bank ltd in amreli ...

thanking deputy governor k c chakrabarty for his services to the central bank, reserve bank governor raghuram rajan today said an ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has undertaken a study on the premium collected by insurers on ...

united bank posted a net loss of rs 1,238 cr in the three months to december, during which its gross npas surged to rs 8,546 cr ...

a section of the media today reported, quoting an unnamed ec official, that it may not allow rbi to go ahead with the plan before ...

in the use-and-file regime, an insurer doesn t have to file a product with irda it has to adhere to the standardised norms and ...

round table insurance industry leaders talk about mis-selling, the banks-as-brokers model and whether the perception about the ...

the national housing bank (nhb), which regulates pure-play home financiers, today said it will be raising usd 200 million from ...

the insurance regulator in the country is looking at options to curb the discount offers provided by the insurance firms to group ...

rbi said some of the systems, including atms, may still be working on windows xp, banks are advised to take immediate stepsthe ...

the premium income of non-life insurance companies, including that of four public sector entities, grew 5 per cent in february to ...

ajaybagga, managing director and head of private wealth management business ofdeutsche bank in india, has resigned from his post, ...

with m-commerce picking up, insurance companies too are coming out with mobile applications offering customers the comfort of ...

though state chief minister shivraj singh chouhan has a long pending demand to revise national agriculture insurance scheme ...

the country s sole reinsurer general insurance corporation (gic) hopes to clock double-digit growth in the current financial year ...

sources said the postal department had requested the finance ministry to allot funds of rs 623 cr to finance the proposed banking ...

with the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) finalising the guidelines for web aggregators operating in the ...

it is only a matter of days before the reserve bank of india (rbi) announces its shortlist of new bank licensees. india post, ...

private life insurer sbi life insurance plans to appeal to the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) against the ...

mumbai, 12 marchthe central bureau of investigation (cbi) has registered two preliminary inquiries against private general ...

private general insurer bharti axa general insurance will gradually reduce its dependence on motor insurance segment and will ...

at a time when kolkata based psu bank united bank of india is in the middle of a crisis, it has found support from the trade ...

12 mar sks microfinance limited, the only listed micro finance institution (mfi) in the country, on wednesday announced the ninth ...

the premium income of indian general insurance industry, dominated by public sector entities, grew 19 per cent in january to rs ...

state-run banks could set up only 14,855 atms by december, leaving an uphill task of installing close to 20,000 more cash ...

bank deposits grew at healthy 16% year-on-year to rs 7,605,171 crore as on february 21, surpassing the pace of credit growth, ...

recently, sebi was accorded with new powers to crack down on illegal money-pooling activities through options like search and ...

since august 28, the rupee has appreciated by 11.3%. on that day, it had touched an all-time low of 68.85 a dollar, due to heavy ...

the country s foreign exchange reserves rose by $954 million for the week ended february 28 to $294.36 billion, show reserve bank ...

the rbi panel says ccp can improve the effectiveness of default management arrangements and co-ordinate operational improvements ...

while west bengal and tamil nadu account for 14% each of microfinance institution clients, andhra pradesh accounts for 13%, ...

bnp paribas, france s biggest bank, has suspended its head of spot currency trading as part of a long-running global ...

state-run central bank of india has sold its entire stake in credit information provider cibil to transunion international inc ...

while public sector banks stressed assets continue to rise mainly due to higher gross non-performing but the growth in ...

high npas and limited ability to raise capital due to falling valuations and the govt s inability to put in money pose serious ...

weak performance of the banking stocks is forcing public sector lenders to defer their plans to raise money through qualified ...

rising customer expectations owing to emergence of new technology and service channels will drive a paradigm shift in the banking ...

amid rising compliance standards, coupled with greater integration of domestic companies with their global peers, general ...

jpmorgan, citigroup and four more major banks have signed up with an industry group to develop a central register of information ...

a meeting of the reserve bank of india s standing advisory committee has been convened this month to review the flow of ...

state-owned oriental bank of commerce (obc) today raised interest rates on fixed deposit of three maturities by up to 3.25 per ...

reserve bank today imposed penalty of rs 5 lakh each on chanasma nagrik sahakari bank and bijnor urban co-operative bank for ...

state bank of india is taking initiatives to reduce bad loans which have reached 5.73%, sbi managing director and group executive ...

the crisis-hit united bank of india, which has run into losses amid suspiciously high bad loans, now faces fresh probes for ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) chairman t s vijayan took over at a time when insurers were reeling under ...

deutsche bank s co-chief executive officer anshu jain has described india as a strategic market for the germany- based global ...

the part-nationalised british bank, which was rescued by the uk government bailout during the 2008 financial crisis, reported a ...

standard chartered has appointed sanjeeb chaudhuri as head of the newly-created role of group head of brand and chief marketing ...

if the recommendations of the panel headed by former rbi governor bimal jalan are followed, companies whose names figure in the ...

the united bank of india (ubi) controversy took another turn on wednesday with the central vigilance commission (cvc) seeking ...

the interest rates on short-term bulk deposits have hardened to 10 per cent, with some banks aggressively raising money, driven ...

bank of bahrain and kuwait (bbk) is planning to scale up its presence in india by opening one new branch, pump more capital and ...

india s policy interest rate is appropriately set, said rbi governor raghuram rajan, who has raised rates three times by a ...

icici bank, the country s largest private sector lender, aims to cover 100 unbanked villages across the country through its ...

the facility, uses the aadhar database, will enable a bank account to be opened within 24 hours as against 7-15 days taken in ...

financial services secretary rajiv takru said that the pros and cons of banks tying-up with multiple insurance companies as ...

rbi recently asked iba to look into critical issues of outsourcing of cash management services as instances of looting of atm ...

cignattk health insurance, a joint venture between us-based global health service firm cigna corporation and india-based ttk ...

says the banks will need active support from asset management companies to enable the distribution of mutual fund products as it ...

leading private insurer reliance life insurance has recorded a 56 per cent surge in its new business premium income in the first ...

non-banking finance companies should be brought under the ambit of the sarfaesi act to enhance investor confidence and ensure ...

mutual funds and insurance firms are awaiting go-ahead from their respective regulators -- sebi and irda -- with regard to their ...

the bimal jalan panel which is scrutinising applications for new bank licences will hold its last meeting on tuesday. we are ...

the allocation is credit negative for psbs as it was much less than the rs 25,000-36,000 cr banks needed to meet the regulatory ...

india s allocation of 112 billion rupees for capital injection into state-run banks is credit negative as it is much smaller than ...

united bank of india (ubi), which markets itself as the bank that begins with u , has taken a u-turn a day after it blamed ...

come march 2015, all the unbanked villages in punjab and haryana having population below 2000, would be brought under banking ...

even as bad loans hit a record high, growing by a little more than 35 per cent in the first three quarters of fy14 year-on-year, ...

aviation insurance policies that were primarily used to cover the fleet of the airline companies is now in demand for the other ...

congress vice president and member of parliament from amethi rahul gandhi today inaugurated 10 branches of state bank of india ...

amid mounting losses in the third- party motor insurance segment, coupled with rising claims, insurers have urged the regulator ...

public sector lender state bank of india (sbi) today said it was acting careful while lending to firms involved in infrastructure ...

analysts of the view sector unlikely to repeat 2013 performance this year credit quality stress, weak economy likely to cap ...

project is expected to be completed by 30 september 2019 with improvements to more than 236 km of roads in assam, manipur, ...

amid acute shortage of actuaries, irda chairman t s vijayan has expressed the hope that the country will produce enough number of ...

pe funds backed nbfcs magma fincorp limited and au financiers (india) are planning to raise around $65 million from the ...

gross non-performing assets (npas) of 40 listed banks shot up by 35.2% or rs 63,386 crore for the nine months ending december ...

reserve bank of india has barred chennai-based dfl infrastructure finance ltd (dfl) from doing further business following ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today said that the insurers can tie-up with referral companies for three ...

while making provision of rs 11,200 crore for infusing capital in the public sector banks, union finance minister p chidambaram ...

ed deepak mohanty says weaknesses in corporate financials are impacting banks balance sheets and this could impinge on financial ...

banks, agencies and entities may make available gold to exporters (other than aa dfia holders) operating under replenishment ...

lehman brothers holdings inc asked a judge to approve a $767-million settlement with freddie mac to pay off a $1.2 billion ...

the total deposits of the banks in haryana touched rs. 1,87,717 crore as on december 2013, showing an increase of 14% during the ...

determined to turn its third attempt at launching bond futures into a success, the reserve bank of india (rbi) is pressuring ...

despite the accumulation of stressed assets by indian banks over the last few years, rating agencies still maintain a stable ...

a decision on setting up payments banks or specialised banks to provide services to small businesses will be taken only after ...

in its effort to deploy technology for magnifying the reach of financial services in the country, the reserve bank of india has ...

fitch ratings today warned that recent losses incurred by united bank of india (ubi) may result in the state-run lender s capital ...

after reserve bank of india closed the swap facility for fcnr-b deposits in november 2013, the flow of money into nri deposits ...

witnessing a consistent rise over the past few years, fake currencies worth rs 107.33 crore have been seized in three-and-half ...

in an environment where headlines have focused on jobless growth and apocalyptic scenarios of millions returning to low wage, low ...

the banking industry s profits are being used for writing off bad loans and for provisioning for bad loans. the employees are ...

the ongoing banking sector strike took its toll in the form of atms running out of cash in the country s financial capital and ...

the common in-house tpa of public sector general insurers, named health insurance tpa of india was incorporated in august 2013 to ...

indian bank has said that its share holders has approved conversion of rs 400 crore worth perpetual non cumulative preference ...

tata capital will offer home loans at lower rates to women borrowers, on the lines of similar offerings being made by state-run ...

finance professionals in india need to be well-versed with ifrs accounting norms but much work and education is required in this ...

state-owned indian overseas bank today said it plans to raise rs 400 crore by selling shares on preferential basis to life ...

global rating agency standard poor s today said 2014 will continue to be a challenging year for the asset quality and ...

banking transactions worth rs 2,500 crore are estimated to be affected in rajasthan as employees started a two-day strike today, ...

customers faced inconvenience in punjab and haryana as public sector bank employees went on a two-day strike from today to press ...

operations at public sector banks were badly hit in east and west singhbhum and seraikela-kharsawan districts of jharkhand as ...

the country s financial capital monday woke up to a two-day long total banking sector strike which has crippled most business and ...

barclays said it had launched an investigation after a newspaper reported that the personal details of 27,000 customers had been ...

in a significant ruling the madras high court bench has said insurance companies cannot reject medical claims reasoning that the ...

an increasing number of properties and assets mortgaged to lenders are going under the hammer due to non-payment of loans, a ...

the banking sector may create up to 20 lakh new jobs in the next 5-10 years, helped by issuance of new licenses and efforts being ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic), the country s largest money manager, has raised its stake in indraprastha gas ltd by ...

going bullish on sks microfinance, the country s only listed player in the sector, foreign investors have hiked stake in it to ...

the new norm takes effect from april 1. rbi will announce the applicable average base rate on march 31 and every quarter-end ...

the reserve bank of india on friday said it issued certificate of authorisation to four non-bank entities, including tata ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) committee in its final report on financial benchmarks has asked for more powers for rbi including ...

the central banks of india and pakistan are in advanced talks for opening bank branches in karachi and mumbai as part of measures ...

the reserve bank today said it has issued certificate of authorisation to four non-bank entities, including tata communications ...

idbi bank is pushing investors of $140 million of its bonds to accept a controversial change in terms that grant the state-run ...

central bank of india today said its net profit for the quarter ended december 31, 2013 fell by 66% from a year earlier to rs ...

yields on government bonds are expected to ease, following the centre s decision to cancel a deferred bond auction for rs 15,000 ...

even if the liquidity situation has become comfortable with banks borrowing coming down sharply from the reserve bank of india s ...

the bank, which has huge exposure to infrastructure and power, has npa to the tune 6% and restructured loans at 13% of its ...

public sector indian bank has revised interest rates for the month of february on its foreign currency non-resident (banking) ...

india ratings report says if diesel prices continue to rise, the commercial vehicle operators are likely to see their operating ...

invites application for senior consultant to analyse financial markets, financial sector activities and prepare a risk assessment ...

m teresa kho took over today as the new country director of the asian development bank (adb) succeeding hun kim who moved on to ...

standard chartered bank and max bupa health insurance today announced their bancassurance corporate agency arrangement to provide ...

bajaj allianz life insurance has launched a special revival campaign spanning over 70 days to help policyholders renew their ...

the recent rampage in emerging market currencies brought back memories of the 1997 asian currency crisis. comparisons are being ...

the mutual funds industry, though promising higher returns to investors faces a trust deficit from the masses, finance minister p ...

a surprise move by the reserve bank of india (rbi) to raise the repo rate by 25 basis points (bps), direct reference to follow ...

the number of consumer complaints against banks has come down by about 3% in 2012-13, while sbi topped the list with 20,030 ...

insurance regulator irda has set up a nine-member committee to review the 14 non-legislative recommendations made by the ...

new generation bank, which raised rs 5,540 crore through equity offering in jan 2013, will require two-three round of in next ...

icici lombard general insurance company, which sells the motor insurance policies among other product categories, has taken the ...

bangalore-based public sector lender canara bank today reported a sharp decline of 42.38% in net profit at rs 409.35 crore for ...

manipal-based public sector lender syndicate bank today reported 25.2% decline in net profit to rs 380 crore for the third ...

insurance marketing firms, a new category of distribution introduced by the insurance regulatory and development authority ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has offered some leeway to banks for early detection and resolution of bad loans. under the new ...

amidst rising demand from banks that they be allowed to increase user fees and limit free access to automated teller machines ...

india s central bank on thursday released a framework to help banks recover bad debts in an effort to ease the financial stress ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on wednesday assured the bond market once again that the rs 50,000 crore debt switch programme ...

rajan surprises again, hikes rate 25 bps signal of an end to near-term tightening doesn t convince many banks in wait ...

state bank of india, the country s largest lender, expects a small rise in deposit rates, chairwoman arundhati bhattacharya told ...

public sector banks may opt out of becoming insurance brokers, even as the finance ministry s deadline for taking up this model ...

the growth in loans by mfis and the improving regulatory environment for micro lenders have convinced it to create a separate ...

earlier, bank unions had announced plans for a two-day nationwide strike on january 20-21, followed by further strikes in ...

chennai-based indian overseas bank (iob) is planning to collaborate with various stakeholders, including industry associations, ...

private life insurer reliance life insurance today launched its new offering reliance super money back plan , a traditional ...

reliance life insurance, part of reliance capital, today launched super money back plan, a traditional non-participating plan ...

as indian firms turn towards disruptive technologies to optimise operations, banks too are joining the social media and mobility ...

a shift in focus of banks towards improving efficiency and utilisation rates resulted in a decelerated rise of operating expenses ...

microinsurance, which aims to extend insurance coverage to low-income households in rural areas, has failed to enthuse ...

state-owned oriental bank of commerce today introduced the e-kyc (electronic know your customer) facility, which instantly ...

out of over 900 million mobile phones and over 450 million bank accounts, only 67 million cell phones are linked to bank ...

to preserve delicate and brittle documents, the reserve bank will digitise old records running into 1.5 lakh pages and make them ...

banks are gearing up to meet the expected customer rush for exchanging currencies after the reserve bank s decision to phase out ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s most networked bank, is set to open 59 more branches in odisha by the end of this ...

icici prudential life insurance has launched an awareness campaign titled insurance aaj badal raha hain on the new product ...

l t finance holdings ltd said on friday its loans and advances were expected to grow at 15-17 per cent for fy14.the banking ...

b k divakara has taken charge as executive director at central bank of india. prior to taking charge of the new assignment, he ...

allahabad bank today said jal karan singh kharb has joined the state-run lender as an executive director.he started his career ...

earlier this month, the government had approved the conversion of pncps of three public sector banks, including vijaya bank, into ...

common service centres (cscs), which have been proposed to act as insurance brokers to sell life and general insurance policies, ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has asked life insurance companies to submit a report on persistency ...

baldev shah, a 38-year old wholesale textile store owner from south mumbai had a visit to his bank branch as the top priority for ...

nation s largest lender state bank of india today strengthened its social media presence with the launch of its channel on ...

banks are likely to see some improvement on bad loans once stalled projects that are being cleared by the cabinet committee on ...

insurance regulator irda has asked birla sun life insurance company to strengthen procedures for complying with the anti-money ...

credit growth in the country continues to be behind deposit growth. the reserve bank of india s data released on wednesday shows ...

the urjit patel committee report to revise and strengthen the monetary policy framework suggests some sweeping changes to ...

lahore-based pakistan s soneri bank ltd is planning to foray into india with three new bank branches in amritsar, new delhi and ...

the rbi had announced a window for swapping fcnr (b) dollar funds mobilised for at least three years at a fixed rate of 3.5% a ...

irda also directed lic to put in place system to analyse data pertaining to surrenders and directed the corporation to be ...

government of india to convert perpetual non-cumulative preference shares (pncps), which it is holding in indian bank to equity ...

to increase transparency and efficiency in banks, the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday constituted an eight-member ...

the founder-promoter of smile micro finance, n sethuraman, and dwm investments (cyprus) ltd are in a legal tussle for the control ...

the sector has been able to attract about $200 mn in equity in the past 12 months, in addition to debt flows that are three to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) clarified on monday that a foreign investor is free to remit funds through any bank of its choice ...

india s benchmark 10-year bond yield dropped to an over three-month low on monday after the central bank stepped in to provide ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has constituted an expert committee to review governance of boards of banks in india. the ...

cyber security sleuths have detected a black private information stealing virus in the indian online banking transactions space ...

kerala-headquartered federal bank plans to recruit about 3,000 employees and add 300 branches in the next three years, a top ...

the reverse repo window will now be available between 7.00 pm and 7.30 pm instead of the existing timings of 4.45 pm to 5.15 pm

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) on friday said jiji mammen has taken charge as chief general ...

federal bank today reported a jump of 9.1 per cent in net profit of rs 230 crore in the third quarter ended december 31. the ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority may make the broking model for banks compulsory soon if significant traction ...

bank of baroda first bank to raise dollar debt of $750 million during the month, gets orders worth $4.4 billion from banks and ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday imposed monetary penalty on two cooperative banks in gujarat for allegedly violating ...

state-run bank of baroda (bob) raised $ 750 million through 5.5 year reg s bonds priced at us treasury plus 325 basis points on ...

iran has requested the ministry of finance and the reserve bank of india to allow it open accounts in multiple banks to ...

the country s banking sector could witness tough times ahead with gross non-performing assets (npas) expected to touch 5 per cent ...

thrissur based south indian bank sib reported a net profit of rs. 141.31 crore for the third quarter of the f.y 2013-14, ...

martin hellwig, a co-author of a book on wrong notions about the banking sector, has suggested increasing equity requirement for ...

on review of the govt s cash position and funding requirement, it has been decided, in consultation with rbi, to defer the ...

to make operations of automated teller machines (atms) viable, the national payments corporation today convened a committee of ...

state-run bank of baroda today became the second domestic issuer to approach the overseas bond market in the new year with a ...

private lender yes bank posted a 22% increase in net profit at rs 416 crore for the quarter ended december 2013. it was rs 342 ...

as stability is expected in interest rates, corporate bond issuances through private placement are seen picking up in the fourth ...

the contraction in factory output as indicated by falling iip will put additional pressure on banks, including sbi, on the asset ...

aegon religare life insurance today announced the appointment of k s gopalakrishnan as the managing director chief ...

for more operational flexibility in the external sector, the reserve bank of india has allowed rebooking and cancellation without ...

the decision, it said, has been taken in view of the evolving market conditions and with a view to providing operational ...

admitting that the ongoing telangana agitation has seriously affected business of state bank of hyderabad, a top bank official ...

private life insurer today launched its hdfc life super income plan, a traditional product, with profits plan under savings ...

andhra bank s asset quality would stay under pressure in the medium term, crisil has said, due to a sizable exposure to ...

private-sector insurer reliance general insurance hopes to register profit in the current financial year on the back of a ...

insurance sector regulator irda has constituted a committee to look into a possibility of increasing fdi in insurance ...

stating that its atm operations are making losses, nation s largest bank sbi has said it is all for charging customers for ...

the reserve bank will consider reducing the number of free atm withdrawals, as recommended by indian banks association, in an ...

irda slapped a fine of nearly rs 5 crore during 2012-13 on 12 insurance companies, including market leaders hdfc life and icici ...

us president barack obama on friday nominated former bank of israel governor stanley fischer and two others to round out the top ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has set up a ten-member committee to look into having 100% foreign direct ...

muthoot finance limited (mfl) has welcomed the rbi s announcement to increase loan-to-value (ltv) ratio to 75 per cent from the ...

the union minister for commerce and industries anand sharma today urged the financial institutions and banks to help the seafood ...

private life insurer reliance life insurance today said it plans to launch nine products, which are complied with the new product ...

as on monday, the prices of many vegetables had fallen as much as 50% compared with those a month before, due to increased ...

if you were in jammu kashmir (j k) a decade ago, you might have had to walk miles before you saw a branch of a new-age ...

the monetary transmission in the system has been slower because banks have been reluctant to hike lending rates much due to slow ...

the nachiket mor panel on financial services for small businesses and low income households says by january 1, 2016, at least one ...

future generali india life is a joint venture between future group, generali, a global insurance group and iitl, a non banking ...

the senate confirmed janet l yellen as the chairwoman of the federal reserve on monday, marking the first time that a woman will ...

statutory liquidity ratio refers amount that commercial banks require to maintain in the form of gold or government approved ...

by january 1, 2016 each indian resident, above the age of eighteen years, would have an individual, full-service, safe, and ...

amid the growing buzz that anand sinha, a deputy governor (dg) of the reserve bank of india (rbi) looking after the new bank ...

bankers have sought an increase in the fee of rs 15 to rs 18 for all transactions, including non-cash transactions like balance ...

south korea will ask india to help its banks open branches in india when the finance ministers of the two countries meet on ...

credit information company ecis today said the delinquency rate of micro-finance institutions (mfis) has declined by 20% between ...

the annual report of the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) for 2012-13 said the decreasing trend in the ...

the new guidelines seek to allow banks to act as a broker permitting them to sell insurance policies of different insurance ...

centre and the iba have failed to settle the 14-month long pending demand of 32% wage revision for about a million strong staff ...

reliance general and royal sundaram were the only two private sector general insurance companies that witnessed decline in market ...

bangalore-based public sector lender canara bank has raised rs 1,500 crore through issue of unsecured, non-convertible, ...

indian bank has revised interest rates in foreign currency non-resident (banking) deposits with immediate effect. for fcnr (b) ...

rbi also said that the reporting of the rolled over guarantee would be done as a fresh financial commitment in part ii of form ...

in an attempt to target prospective home buyers, public sector lenders -- indian bank and indian overseas bank -- are offering ...

public sector lender bank of maharashtra, which has seen its gross non performing assets growing to 2.77% of advances, has ...

the urjit patel committee, set up by raghuram rajan days after he took charge of reserve bank of india to review and strengthen ...

targetting young individuals, public sector indian overseas bank today launched connect card , a new atm cum debit card in ...

sbi will not require fresh capital for two years after its forthcoming rs 11,500 crore qualified institutional placement goes ...

life insurance companies sold 25.7% of new policies in 2012-13 in the rural sector. according to insurance regulatory and ...

the global investment bank tops the coveted m a league table for the year with deals such as unilever s open offer for local ...

product guidelines for linked and non-linked life insurance products that have been revised by the insurance regulatory and ...

with 1.61 lakh credit linked self-help groups and 4.72 lakh kishan credit card loans, the bank is the largest in the state in ...

credit growth continues to be slow in 2013 amid economic downturn. reserve bank of india (rbi) data released on tuesday shows ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has clarified to members of public to not to fall prey to such rumours that banks will not accept ...

private player max life insurance today said it plans to launch 20 re-structured products next year as part of regulatory ...

last month, state-run union bank of india had raised additional capital to the extent of rs 2,000 crore by issuing basel-iii ...

with current account deficit (cad) falling and having built foreign exchange reserves through various steps, the reserve bank of ...

the grave risks from ever growing pool of corporate stressed loans - bad loans and restructured advances-- has prompted reserve ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) believes that the risks to the banking sector has increased during the past half-year. the risks ...

private sector lender kotak mahindra bank is witnessing a sizable reduction in its home loan book growth in the current fiscal at ...

new banks will have to develop a fresh business model to succeed, including making profits in rural areas and tackling risks ...

bank lending has grown close to 15%, while deposits clipped much better at over 17% during the year to december 13, according to ...

state-run lenders including sbi and idbi bank have lined up more than rs 15,000 crore worth of share-sales to institutional ...

public sector lender union bank of india today said arun tiwari assumed charge as its new chairman managing ...

finmin in a circular on dec 20, 2013 said that the public sector banks should leverage their branch network for insurance ...

within days of rbi s advisory issued on december 24, a number of entities offering bitcoin services have suspended their ...

in an innovative move, british banks may soon allow customers to pay cheques into their account by taking photos on their ...

barclays plc has been fined $3.75 million by a us regulator over its alleged decade-long failure to properly keep electronic ...

the bank has allotted 11.85 crore shares of rs 10 each to government of india on preferential allotment basis at a price of rs ...

banks are in midst of hectic action to meet december quarter-end targets. but that has hardly triggered mad rush to raise money ...

sold at around rs 50, the fruit cake has become the most popular product being sold this season on the streets of central ...

the reserve bank of india has formed a committee under executive director deepak mohanty to review the current system of data ...

the country s second largest private sector lender hdfc bank today promoted paresh sukthankar as the deputy managing director. ...

private sector lender kotak mahindra today followed state bank of india and mortgage major hdfc by announcing a rate cut of up to ...

the finance ministry s recent circular to the public sector bank chief executives that they should become insurance brokers has ...

currently, insurance penetration (the ratio of the percentage of total insurance premia to gross domestic product) is about five ...

a standard bank group consultant who was detained in mongolia amid a dispute with a local company over a debt repayment said he ...

south korea s shinhan financial group, bs financial group, industrial bank of korea and a consortium joined by private equity ...

employee unions of public sector banks today threatened to go on a two-day strike beginning january 20 to press for early wage ...

public sector lender andhra bank has received nearly rs 200 crore capital infusion from the government and in return shareholders ...

they may be rivals in overall business of selling insurance products, but reliance life wants to emulate model followed by lic ...

from the largest lender sbi to the youngest yes bank, the nation s banks were fined for violating regulatory norms after sting ...

the federal reserve said on wednesday that it would gradually end its bond-buying programme during 2014, a modest first step ...

oriental, dena bank put stressed assets worth rs 1,200 cr on block, as part of a rising trend expected to gain momentum in the ...

general insurance companies saw a 13.1% in premium collection for the april to november period, as compared to same period last ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) clarified that banks are permitted to participate in interest rate futures (irfs) both for the ...

edelweiss tokio life insurance has introduced edelweiss tokio life-milestones plan, a non linked participating money back life ...

the insurance industry, which has been hit by money laundering allegations, is looking for the revival of the economy for a pick ...

religare health insurance today launched a critical illness and personal accident product assure for the retail market ...

asserting that the level of bad loans is not alarming, governor raghuram rajan today said the reserve bank has come out with a ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) unexpectedly kept the rates unchanged on wednesday, despite calling current inflation too high, ...

justifying his decision to hold policy rate in the mid quarter review of monetary policy - contrary to market expectation of 25 ...

normal banking operations like cheque clearances, withdrawing and depositing of money at branches were hit across the country as ...

currently, irda follows the file-and-use route, under which all products have to be filed with the regulator before being ...

amid stress rising in banks credit portfolio, the reserve bank of india (rbi) on tuesday proposed guidelines that will enable ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) wants banks to be far more proactive in dealing with stress in loan accounts. it today unveiled plans ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has restricted further purchase of hdfc bank s shares by overseas investors as foreign ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has said it will approve products under the use-and-file regime. ...

the reserve bank today restricted foreign institutional investors (fiis) from buying additional shares in hdfc bank, the ...

insurance regulator irda has asked reliance life insurance company (rlic) to strengthen procedures for complying with the ...

private insurer reliance life insurance, which hired 2,000 for its proprietary channels in the past one year, today said it plans ...

the year 2013 marks the marks the sudden reversal of an interest rate cycle, contrary to what the market was expecting, after ...

the year which is about to end in few days marks the reversal of an interest rate cycle which was not expected by many ...

as the liquidity conditions are expected to tighten on account of advance tax payments commencing from mid-december, the reserve ...

dcb bank (development credit bank ltd) had forayed into chhattisgarh with the opening of its branches in berla and bemetara ...

the discussions have shifted from whether the reserve bank of india will increase rates in wednesday s monetary policy to by how ...

lic s various popular plans shall be closed for sale as these are not in conformity with the provisions of new regulations on ...

shriram equipment finance company (sefc) is planning to raise about rs 150-200 crore from private equity (pe) investors and rope ...

max life insurance on wednesday launched two life insurance plans, max life perfect partner super and max life whole life ...

rbi is currently scrutinising various aspects of applications made by 25 entities for new bank licences expected to be given by ...

rbi governor said the central bank will come out with a discussion paper next week with regard to distressed borrowers and rising ...

concerned over rising bad loans, the reserve bank today said it could consider making future borrowings more expensive for ...

aegon religare life insurance is betting big on the direct insurance channel through the online medium. in tandem with this ...

small business financing companies (sbfcs) can play a much bigger role in financial inclusion in india provided they are treated ...

absence of a standard protocol for treatment has led to lack of uniformity in cost of treatments and there is a need to make ...

state-run lender canara bank expects asset quality to improve by 20-30 basis points by march as it focuses on aggressive debt ...

clocking a compounded annual growth rate (cagr) of 20%, india s health insurance premium is likely to cross rs 32,038 crore by ...

private player liberty videocon general insurance is looking at more capital infusion from the promoters to remain ...

state bank of india s internal panel probing allegations of bribery against its deputy managing director (dmd), shyamal acharya, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) believes that there is a need to build a robust market in the country to provide an ample ...

non-convertible debentures (ncd) are turning out to be a favourable debt instrument for microfinance institutions (mfis), with ...

income tax sleuths have been conducting raids in 20 premises of bjp leader, amarpreet singh kale including in jamshedpur, ranchi ...

there may not be many takers to rbi s extending deregulated interest rate regime for foreign currency non-resident bank (fcnr-b) ...

the ministry of corporate affairs will hold consultations with the reserve bank on the mandatory insurance cover that has been ...

singapore s central bank has called on financial institutions to tighten up cyber security after a database on elite customers of ...

government securities (g-secs) remained bearish on persistent selling pressure from banks and companies. the 7.16 per cent g-sec ...

in this segment, 74 per cent of the business is with the public sector banks and a substantial portfolio is in sme and corporate ...

urban co-operative banks, the regional rural banks and the smaller non banking finance companies should also be brought into the ...

finance minister p chidambaram today said a branch of bharatiya mahila bank, the country s first all-woman bank, would be set up ...

all india bank employees association (aibea) has announced a list of top 50 loan defaulters, mainly the corporate firms, whose ...

state-owned indian bank today introduced a special health card for its customers in the city on a pilot-basis, in collaboration ...

state bank of india is trying to put an automated system that would minimise the cost on zero balance saving accounts which are ...

leading private insurer reliance life insurance company (rlic) today said it will launch 25 new products beginning next year with ...

market participants have welcomed the reserve bank of india (rbi) s move to release data on india s current account deficit (cad) ...

in order to check asset quality in the banking sector, the urban co-operative banks, the regional rural banks (rrbs) and the ...

canara bank s gross non performing asset (npa) in retail has come down to three% from 6.6%, thanks to the scrutiny of loan ...

calling service tax voluntary compliance encouragement scheme (vces) a rare opportunity to make a fresh start , finance minister ...

india will allow a portion of the country s $80 billion in employee pensions to be invested in a wider array of debt, including ...

an obscure indian bank has been an unlikely beneficiary of western sanctions against iran, handling billions of dollars from ...

manipal-headquartered public sector lender syndicate bank today decided to raise rs 200 crore by issuing preferential shares to ...

dbs bank today said it has appointed rajesh prabhu as head of its finance function in india. prabhu replaces yazad cooper, who ...

in order to strengthen the flow of resources to infrastructure sector, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has decided to permit ...

federal bank today said the reserve bank of india (rbi) has approved the appointment abraham koshy as chairman of the bank s ...

public sector lender allahabad bank would raise rs 330 crore through a qualified institutional placement (qip) in second quarter ...

after rating customers of bankers, the credit information bureau (india) ltd (cibil) is now planning to extend its service to ...

public sector lender, canara bank, slashed interest rates on its domestic term and non-resident ordinary (nro) term deposits with ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) plans to introduce increased capital requirements by 2016 for banks regarded as too big to fail, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday revised its guidelines on the general purpose credit card scheme to ensure greater flow ...

a reserve bank of india (rbi) panel has recommended banks set aside up to 2.5 per cent of risk assets as a counter-cyclical ...

an internal panel, constituted by the state bank of india (sbi) to probe allegations of bribery against its deputy managing ...

the reserve bank of india has decided to provide refinance totalling rs 5,000 crore to the small industries development bank of ...

the bad loans in psbs has risen from rs 39,000 crore in march, 2008, to rs 1,64,000 crore in march 2013 and the bad loans have ...

the microfinance institutions (mfis) in india added 2.56 million clients to its portfolio between september 2012 and september ...

state bank of india , the country s largest lender, will raise up to 95.76 billion rupees through a share sale to institutional ...

even as the reserve bank of india (rbi) has brought out guidelines for banks to become brokers, insurers are not very optimistic. ...

as bitcoin becomes more popular day by day, regulators are getting worried about potential money laundering risks associated with ...

bharatiya mahila bank, the first all-women bank inaugurated last month, expects its business to touch rs 60,000 crore in the next ...

insurance companies can now settle their inter-company balances in a quicker and easier manner, thanks to the insurance clearing ...

debit card holders will from tomorrow be required to punch in their pin numbers every time they use the card, a move aimed at ...

life insurance companies are literally on a war-footing to ensure that customer grievances are addressed on time and the total ...

once the product is redeemed, there will be a tax of 10% without indexation and 20% with indexation (tax rate on debt instruments ...

aibea alleged bad loans worth rs 1,41,295 cr had been written off during 2007 to 2013 and most of these were in the favour of big ...

reserve bank of india today said it may allow higher foreign direct investment (up to 74%) in credit information companies (cics) ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has decided to launch inflation indexed national savings securities-cumulative (iinss-c) for ...

the offices of the insurance ombudsman across the country have seen a steady increase in the number of complaints registered ...

return on equity of the company has turned negative since the last 2 years as the company is making huge losses on a consolidated ...

health insurance companies today told the bombay high court that it would be difficult to introduce pre-packaged compensation for ...

the all india bank employees association (aibea) is planning to observe december 5, 2013, as all india day, demanding a remedy ...

m a (merger and acquisition) transactions in the indian banking space may no longer be driven by the need to expand branch ...

the tata group has called off its plans to set up a bank by withdrawing its licence application. they follow value industries ...

some indian banks are looking to issue bonds in overseas markets to raise capital under basel iii guidelines, a senior central ...

general insurance penetration, expressed as a percentage of gross domestic product (gdp), has moved from 0.70 in 2011-12 to 0.73 ...

banks are free to decide whether to adopt aadhaar as an additional authentication factor or shift to the europay, mastercard and ...

in the use-and-file regime, an insurer has to adhere to the standardised norms and later send information on the product to the ...

irda fixed the provisioning for motor third-party declined risk pool at 210 per cent for the previous financial year. the ...

redington (india) ltd promoters have decided to take over majority stake in the company s non banking finance subsidiary ...

the cbi has raided their homes and the state bank of india has initiated an internal enquiry into the bribery charges leveled by ...

in order to ensure security in card- based payment transactions taking place at point of sale (pos) terminals or at atms, the ...

the reserve bank today said that conversion of existing foreign bank branches into wholly owned subsidiaries in india will ...

taking financial inclusion to another level, hcbl cooperative bank has started opening the accounts of beggars to benefit the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today clarified that foreign banks opting for subsidiarisation here will not have to pay capital ...

the meghalaya government today sought rs 50,000 crore from the 14th finance commission to meet non-plan expenditure and give a ...

the reserve bank of india on tuesday allowed banks to treat loans given to medium manufacturing enterprises after november 13 as ...

general insurance companies have incurred total claims worth rs 17,589.44 crore in the motor segment for the financial year ...

rating agency india ratings said hinduja leyland finance ltd (hlf) may see rise in non-performing loans (npls) in industry-wide ...

the reserve bank announced the swap windows for foreign currency non-resident (bank) deposits and overseas borrowings by banks on ...

largest general insurer new india assurance today said it has come up with a combination product for lower income groups that ...

in its bid to help identify hospitals and collect information regarding various charges imposed by them on different medical ...

federal bank today said grace elizabeth koshie has joined its board as a director. koshie, who headed the foreign exchange ...

the deadline for concessional swap facility to get foreign currency non-resident (bank), or fcnr (b), deposits remains open till ...

weather insurance may see 100% loss ratios this year, owing to the cyclone phailin that hit the coast of orissa and andhra ...

the rupee is expected to weaken further this week due to month-end dollar demand from importers.tracking the movement of the ...

the all india bank employees association (aibea) has opposed the rbi move to grant banking licenses to private entities and ...

swiss banks expect a significant decline in quantum of foreign money managed by them going forward, as switzerland has agreed to ...

rbi said on friday the fii holding in axis bank has reached trigger limit due to which further purchases will need rbi s ...

the reserve banks of india has given a leeway to those banks which are currently negotiating with international multilateral ...

country s insurance giant life insurance corporation has decided to stop selling as many as 14 policies, including jeevan mitra ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) plans to extend the ambit of its policy on treating customers fairly (tcf) beyond banking ...

there was a 50 per cent rise in banks doubtful assets - loans unpaid for 18 months - to rs 90,000 crore at end-march 2013 from ...

the banking sector also needs to match-up to the likely acceleration in the credit to gdp ratio as the economy expands, according ...

a top banking association has demanded amendments in relevant laws to speed up recovery of bad loans amounting to rs 1,64,000 ...

the elongated economic slowdown has taken its toll on asset quality of banks. more worrisome part is about 50% rise in doubtful ...

sks microfinance limited, the only listed microfinance institution (mfi) in the country, has stated the reserve bank of india ...

the central bank had announced such schemes to boost sentiment in the foreign exchange market and attract dollar flows. it is ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has appealed to all the non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) to participate in the lok adalat ...

general insurance companies have sought approval from the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) to increase the ...

the central bank under zhou xiaochuan has consistently flagged its intention to liberalise financial markets and allow the yuan ...

the reserve bank today asked all the non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) to participate in the lok adalat on november 23 for ...

south africa s firstrand bank may emerge as the maiden foreign lender to adopt the wholly-owned subsidiary route after reserve ...

psbs will be subvented to the extent of difference between the weighted average interest charged and 7% subject to the maximum ...

indian overseas bank is planning to allot 22,97,53,015 equity shares on a preferential basis to the government of india ...

union finance minister p chidambaram said the sharp rise in yield on the government bonds, driven by high inflation, was a ...

big variations in how major european union banks do their accounts can leave investors guessing over their financial health and ...

indian parents outlook towards giving money to their kids is unlike parents in the west, who treat pocket money as a reward for ...

as on september 2013, the bank reported a profit of around rs 49 cr and plans to reach rs 100 cr profit by the end of this ...

cigna ttk health insurance company limited, a joint venture between the us based global health service leader, cigna corporation, ...

the rbi said it would offer rs 5,000 crore to small industrial development bank of india (sidbi) as liquidity support for micro ...

the largest private sector lender icici bank today hit the overseas bond market with a benchmark 5.5-year issue at an initial ...

however, icici prudential, hdfc standard life and sbi life, witnessed a decline in premium collection during the april- sept ...

iirda extended deadline for implementation of new individual product regulations for life insurance industry by three months to ...

the banking system s slippage to recovery and upgradation ratio has shot up to 257 as of march 2013 from 217 in march 2011 as ...

yield on the 10-year government bond is likely to soften below 9% on hope that reserve bank will conduct more open market ...

out of the targeted rs 17,135.48 crore credit offtake set for the fiscal, banks have already advanced rs 14,541.16 crore till ...

stating that the overall asset restructuring in the banking system has touched rs 3.25 lakh crore as of june, rbi executive ...

moody s investors service cut its ratings on four of the biggest us banks after deciding the government would be less likely to ...

from their desks at some of the world s biggest banks, traders exchanged a series of instant messages that earned them the ...

while at bancon 2013...

good evening. i thank the organisers for inviting me. these are challenging times for the indian economy, but i have dwelt on ...

bringing a cheer to the life insurance industry, data for the new business premium collection for april to september period for ...

the yields on the government bonds hardened across tenures after the inflation, measured by wholesale price index, for october ...

state bank of mysore today said it has increased base rate by 0.1% to 10.25%, to be effected later this week.

prime minister manmohan singh and upa chairperson sonia gandhi will inaugurate country s first all-women bharatiya mahila bank in ...

aviva india today announced the launch of aviva next innings, a new age pension plan. in addition to the life cover, this plan ...

raghuram rajan tried to pacify currency markets by giving yoga lessons on deep breathing in his statement where he said that ...

equity mutual funds investing in small and mid-cap stocks have increased their cash exposure by over 4% since the beginning of ...

sbi saw the highest growth in npas, at rs 3,314 cr, followed by rs 2,284 cr for united bank of india. punjab national bank s npas ...

in order to contain bad debts, the finance ministry has advised public sector banks to take a tough stand while sanctioning fresh ...

as former rbi governor bimal jalan-headed committee is scrutinizing applications for new bank licenses, his predecessor c ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) governor raghuram rajan said on wednesday that the current account deficit (cad) in the current ...

any dilution in govt s stance on equity injection due to fiscal pressures could have an immediate impact on the ratings of weak ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has advised all non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) to file and register the records of all ...

the finance ministry s plans to launch branches of first women s bank in three assembly election-bound states may have taken a ...

the reserve bank must allow flexibility in borrowing through bonds and medium term notes (mtn) for indian banks with strong ...

gold prices dipped below rs 31,000 mark by falling rs 350 to rs 30,900 per ten grams after nearly one month in the national ...

rbi is granting new bank licences for the first time in about a decade and preliminary screening process is underway for 26 ...

aviation insurance is likely to emerge as a key growth area in the coming years with new airlines starting operations and ...

multi-brand automotive sales and service provider carnation auto is scaling up insurance broking business through its separate ...

jammu kashmir (j k) bank today said its net profit for the quarter ended september 30, 2013 increased by 12.3% from a ...

united bank of india (ubi) today said it incurred a loss of rs 489.5 crore for the quarter ended september 30, 2013 as provisions ...

rating agency fitch today said the reserve bank s recent wholly-owned subsidiary (wos) guidelines for foreign banks will not ...

city union bank (cub) has reported a 5% increase in its net profit at rs 84.35 crore during the second quarter as against rs ...

state-run punjab national bank (pnb) today reported a 52.56% drop in net profit to rs 505.49 crore for the quarter ended ...

india s first women bank, bhartiya mahila bank, will be launched by finance minister p chidambaram on 19 november from mumbai and ...

the memoranda of understanding (mous) provided a formal, yet legally non-binding, channel for information exchange between the ...

country s largest general insurer new india assurance has earned around rs 42 crore in premium so far this fiscal by providing ...

as regulators prepare final norms to check mis-selling of third party financial products by bank employees, some banking majors ...

the finance ministry has shortlisted the names of executive directors who are likely to head public sector banks in 2014-15. six ...

rbi s caveats curbs come in place if foreign banks exceed 20% of banking system s capital reserves half the directors ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked non banking finance companies to migrate towards accepting cheques which are compliant with ...

as big ticket investors have put their projects on hold, dena bank has said it would focus more on retail, sme and farm sector in ...

sbi general insurance today said it has seen a healthy 83% growth in premium income to rs 540.93 crore in the first half of the ...

after largest lender state bank of india and second largest private sector bank hdfc bank raised their minimum lending rate (base ...

life insurance corp of india has appointed sunita sharma as the new managing director and chief executive director of its ...

state bank of india has raised its base rate by 20 basis points to 10 percent per annum from 9.80 percent per annum, the ...

considering the lumpiness of the loan book and a weak business environment, delinquencies could continue to increase and be ...

deutsche bank ag co-chief executive officer juergen fitschen, already facing a tax evasion case, was added to suspects in a probe ...

according to currency dealers, even if it weakens initially at the start of the week, as the week proceeds the bias will shift ...

allahabad bank has increased interest rates on domestic term deposits of different maturities below rs 1 crore by 50-120 basis ...

rbi is checking the primary eligibility of the 26 applicants. once the process is completed, comments will be passed on to the ...

sdrs rose by $13.7 mn to $4.47 bn, while india s reserve position with the international monetary fund was up by $6.9 mn to $2.21 ...

the capital adequacy ratios of public sector banks in the country continue to shrink following a pick-up in credit demand and ...

a high-level advisory committee screening applications for setting up new private banks is having its first meeting at the ...

days after rbi hiked short-term lending (repo) rate by 0.25%, state bank of india (sbi) today raised fixed deposit rate by 0.2% ...

aam admi bima yojana provides insurance to earning members of rural landless families lic has covered 4.8 million beneficiaries ...

the central bank may have done enough on rate hikes but will need to monitor the economy, reserve bank of india governor raghuram ...

joining banks in naming and shaming wilful loan defaulters, non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) have also begun publishing ...

a delegation of european parliamentarians of the international trade committee today pushed the indian government to pass the ...

with aim to improve quality of consumer service and protection, reserve bank of india will issue norms for providing public ...

rbi in its monetary policy review today hiked the repo rate by 25 bps to 7.75%. the msf rate was cut by 25 bps to 9.25%.

a new law being drafted to regulate microfinance entities has hit a jam. according to a report by cnbc tv18, the rbi, which was ...

as per new guidelines, candidate needs to complete one year as executive director to become eligible for chairman and managing ...

shares of gold loan companies gained around five per cent on monday, amid talks that the reserve bank of india may relax norms ...

the capital markets regulator sebi today pitched for tax incentives to woo investors into the proposed real estate investment ...

lic nomura mutual fund, the mf arm of the nation s largest financial entity, may look at inorganic growth route to emerge as a ...

leading private sector insurer reliance life insurance says it is focussing on traditional products and agent productivity to ...

gearing up to issue new bank licences, rbi has shot off detailed queries to over two dozen applicants and various regulators in ...

keen to push insurance sector reforms, the upa government is contemplating a proposal under which the fdi cap in insurance sector ...

the recent volatility in indian rupee has adversely affected businesses thereby pushing many to losses. the gravity of the ...

indian expatriates have topped the charts worldwide for being the top remitters for the developing world, a new world bank report ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has appointed an auditor for a special audit of the book of accounts and transactions of first ...

india s foreign exchange reserves shot up for a third week in a row, adding a healthy $1.9 billion to touch $281.12 billion in ...

private insurer birla sun life insurance launched a life insurance plan today, called the vision lifesecure plan which offers a ...

federal bank today clarified that no formal approval has been received from fipb on foreign investment in the bank as reported ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked regional rural banks (rrbs) to ensure that the service providers (including another ...

anticipating an adverse impact of rise in bad loans on credit profile, rating agency crisil has downgraded rating on allahabad ...

country s second largest private sector lender hdfc bank today raised $500 million from an overseas bond sale programme as part ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) will work towards reducing the time taken for assessment of loss and ...

bank of america (boa) has been found liable for civil fraud for selling defective mortgages.the ruling is said to be a major ...

kotak mahindra bank today reported a consolidated net of rs 583 crore for the quarter ended september 30, 2013 as compared to rs ...

anticipating an adverse impact of rise in bad loans on credit profile, rating agency crisil has downgraded the rating for ...

report says infrastructure-related segments, metals and mining, commercial real estate and construction-related sectors will ...

electronic benefit transfer (ebt) scheme is being implemented in seven districts on a pilot basis under the terms of a mou ...

life insurance corporation (lic), india s largest domestic institutional investor, increased its holdings in banking stocks in ...

the finance ministry today decided to pump in rs 2,000 crore in state bank of india and rs 1,800 crore each in idbi bank and ...

the government wednesday said it will infuse rs.14,000 crore equity capital in 20 public sector banks during the current ...

hsbc has terminated an agreement to sell its banking business in pakistan after failing to get regulatory approval, the bank said ...

going bullish on the country s only listed microfinance player, foreign investors have hiked their stake in sks microfinance to ...

india trimmed its exposure to us government securities to usd 57 billion in august, the lowest in four months, amid persistent ...

general insurers are leaving no stone unturned to build premium volumes. to attract more customers, heavy discounts are being ...

an industry poll conducted by rbs india on tuesday said a majority expect reserve bank of india (rbi) governor raghuram rajan to ...

in the state development loans auction held on tuesday, the reserve bank of india (rbi) rejected all bids for gujarat. the ...

the finance ministry today finalised the rs 14,000-crore capital infusion plan for psu banks to augment their capital base and ...

state bank of india (sbi) today said it will take a decision on raising fund through qualified institutional placement (qip) in a ...

madras high court has held that the motor accident claims tribunal was not a regular court and it was expected to adopt a ...

the bombay high court today issued notices to 25 non-life insurance companies on a pil seeking pre-packaged compensation for 42 ...

terming the proposal to set up post banks as a game changer , industry body assocham today said the transition will push ...

retail banks across the world are increasingly investing in innovation as a means of generating revenue and controlling costs ...

in the backdrop of the saradha-like illegal ponzi schemes in the state, the west bengal governtment s proposed alternative of a ...

finance minister p chidambaram today asked public-sector banks to set up a vertical under an officer of the rank of branch ...

concerned over defaults by big borrowers, finance minister p chidambaram today said the government is monitoring the top 30 npa ...

amid slowing economy, finance minister p chidambaram will review public sector banks performance today to assess whether credit ...

earlier, irda had earlier informed insurers that letter issued by uidai containing details of name, address and aadhaar number ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) told banks that extension counters, satellite offices, mobile branches, central processing ...

bank internasional indonesia (bii) a member of the maybank group, today officially launched its first branch in mumbai, extending ...

with the recovery in macro economy, banks across the globe are increasing their spending on innovation in an attempt to generate ...

public sector general insurers --- new india assurance, oriental insurance, united india insurance and national insurance ---- ...

nri businessman m a yusuffali has acquired 4.99% share in kerala-based dhanalaxmi bank after purchasing stakes in two other ...

faced with shortage of warehouse facilities for agriculture products, maharashtra stands to gain from the new loan scheme of ...

interest rate futures would help banks and financial firms in the country assess expectations for borrowing costs and hedge the ...

cms info systems, a cash management services company, has won a contract from state bank of india (sbi) to deploy more than 7,850 ...

thrissur-based south indian bank (sib) has reported a 30.93% increase in net profit at rs 127 crore in the second quarter of ...

with e-kyc you can actually do an online account opening in a bank which will be much more simpler, says sumant kathpalia, head, ...

banks loan and deposit growth has been slower so far in the current fiscal year than the reserve bank of india s full-year ...

private sector lender hdfc bank today reported 27.1% jump in net profit to rs 1982.3 crore for the july-september quarter.

survarna saha, a domestic help, is hardly known beyond her neighborhood in one of the lesser known localities of kolkata. till ...

could raghuram rajan s announcement on letting foreign banks enter india in a bigger way, be easier said than done at a time ...

birla sun life insurance (bsli) today announced the launch of a participating traditional plan, bsli savings plan, with ...

indusind bank s net profit came it at rs 330 crore for the quarter ended september 30, 2013 as compared to rs 250 crore for the ...

euro zone countries will consider on monday how to pay for the repair of their broken banks after health checks next year that ...

even one of the largest global banks could be taken apart safely by us government authorities if it were to fail today, according ...

three of the world s most powerful bankers warned of terrible consequences if the us defaults on its debt, with deutsche bank ...

canada s toronto-dominion bank is considering an 8 billion pound ($12.76 billion) bid for royal bank of scotland s american ...

j k bank is targeting to grow its post-tax profit by 25 % to rs 1,300 crore this fiscal despite the economic gloom and ...

the us justice department has opened a criminal investigation of possible manipulation of the $5.3 trillion-a-day foreign ...

cut-off rate set by rbi was 8.80% and range of bids received were 7.60-8.96%

indian government bonds fell on friday on profit-booking but still managed to book their biggest weekly gain in a month as ...

the recent financial stress in india had contributed to greater vulnerability of corporate and bank balance sheets and a further ...

bangalore-based public sector lender canara bank has raised $500 million (around rs 3,050 crore) through the issue of senior ...

in view of the severe cyclonic storm phailin that is set to hit the coast of south odisha by saturday evening, the state ...

state-owned corporation bank today reduced interest rates on home, auto and consumer durables loans by up to 1.75% to cash in on ...

the securities appellate tribunal (sat) today suggested that market regulator sebi could look at considering the consent ...

the international finance corporation (ifc) expects to come out with its rupee linked bonds issue before the end of 2013 as a ...

yield on 10-year benchmark govt bond 7.16% 2023 had ended at 7.44% on end-june, while it stands at 8.42%

hc asks sbi to deposit the federation association s subscription amount into its system suspense account and credit it in favour ...

future generali india life insurance has launched future generali pearls guarantee, a non-linked, non-participating life ...

finance ministry is considering additional capital infusion of rs 4-5,000 crore in public sector banks for extending cheaper ...

perturbed over rising npas(non performing assets) of financial institutions especially in the realty sector, chandigarh-based ...

ifc, a member of the world bank group, has launched a $1 billion offshore bond program-the largest of its kind in the offshore ...

reserve bank of india rbi has announced the constitution of a technical committee on mobile banking to examine the ...

the regulator has expanded the definition of key persons to include the posts of compliance officer and chief risk officer ...

the national payments corporation of india launched two new services on wednesday, an aadhaar-based remittance service (abrs) and ...

this company which was incorporated on august 14, 2013, as per information available from ministry of corporate affairs, recently ...

finance ministry said last week that additional capital would be provided to banks to enable them to lend to borrowers in ...

urge level playing field with banks, cite rao panel report in their support warn of loss of business to lenders in unorganised ...

the bank announced its tie up with apollo munich health insurance to provide health insurance to canara bank customers across ...

the reserve bank must issue new bank licenses to corporate houses with proven track records in order to achieve financial ...

bank of india employees union (boieu) on sunday opposed the centre s decision to issue new banking licences. odisha unit ...

reserve bank deputy governor k c chakrabarty has said only a provisional list of new bank licencees will be announced by january ...

former sbi chairman pratip chaudhuri has said the nation s largest lender would have completed the process of merging a ...

weak economic environment, rising non- performing assets and higher cost of funds will keep margins of banks under stress in the ...

state bank of india is number one in many aspects but when it comes to business and profits per employee, the country s largest ...

rating agency crisil has downgraded rating for bank loans to nelco ltd, a tata group entity, from a to a- on continued ...

says the new banks should have a differentiated approach to cater to the needs of a special group of customers who do not have ...

even as government plans to prop up demand through lower rates of interest for auto and consumer loans, senior-most rbi deputy ...

india s sagging economy would recover from stress in the second half of this fiscal to return to high growth over the next two ...

the position of member actuary at insurance regulatory and development authority (irda), which has been lying vacant for more ...

however, better than their public sector peers, private banks such as icici, hdfc bank, axis will report lower profit growth ...

capital infusion, over and above the budget provision of rs 14,000 crore, comes ahead of the festival season and is aimed at ...

while the government continues to promote its flagship national pension system (nps) and looks to instill investor confidence in ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today nominated three members to the high level advisory committee formed to recommend granting ...

the reserve bank on friday set up a three-member committee under former governor bimal jalan to scrutinise applications for new ...

with company being a play on global economic recovery, the improving macros in china and us have led the analysts at deutsche ...

india s largest lender, the state bank of india has joined the ranks of a host of other headless public sector undertakings (psu) ...

finance minister p chidambaram and rbi governor raghuram rajan are preparing for the festival season. top of their to-do list is ...

insurance agents, who are required to undergo mandatory training of 50 hours by an insurance company may not have any qualms ...

in an move to boost sales of two wheelers and consumer durables , the finance ministry today announced that it will provide ...

non-life insurer cholamandalam ms general insurance company ltd (chola ms) plans to earn around rs.2,000 crore gross premium this ...

ahead of the rbi s central board meet, the central bank chief raghuram rajan on thursday met finance minister p chidambaram and ...

country s largest commodity bourse mcx on thursday said it has diluted its stake to 3.4 per cent from the existing 5 per cent in ...

merger and acquisition activity targeted towards the asia pacific countries including india stood at $348.8 billion in the first ...

housing finance company, dhfl, today launched express loan scheme for home loan customers during the festive period, starting ...

paris (reuters) - the european central bank left interest rates unchanged on wednesday, holding off any fresh policy action for ...

india has topped the global chart of remittances with a whopping $ 71 billion in remittances in 2013, just short of three times ...

european union regulators inadvertently sent confidential data to 13 of the world s biggest lenders as part of an antitrust ...

insurance regulator irda has extended the deadline for implementation of new individual product regulations for the life ...

fund-raising by issuance of shares to promoters and shareholders on preferential basis has hit an eight month low of rs 1,062 ...

the shutdown of the us government after the republicans and the democrats failed to strike a deal on spending and budget is bound ...

cost of funds could go up by 10 basis points in the next quarter and it is inevitable that some of the higher cost or part all of ...

banks have started seeing defaults on housing loans especially those taken to finance second homes bought for investment purpose. ...

sale of highest net asset value products, index-linked products were banned from today on the grounds these are not in the ...

some analysts estimate that government-owned banks will need at least rs 1.75 lakh crore to prevent capital erosion due to loan ...

the reserve bank today said it would provide rs 20,000 crore through ways and means advances (wma) window to the government for ...

state-owned bank of baroda (bob) today raised fixed deposit rates on select maturities by 0.50 per cent, reflecting the ...

india s external debt at the end of the first quarter of the current fiscal declined by 0.9 per cent on sequential basis to ...

reflecting deterioration in economic activities, net non-performing assets (npa) of all banks have increased to 1.68 per cent of ...

the government on monday said it was exploring possibilities of free trade agreements (ftas) with new emerging nations and ...

the securities appellate tribunal on monday quashed sebi s order against three promoter entities of gee ltd in a case related to ...

liberty videocon general insurance has tied up with a car dealer to run a pilot project on telematics . here, they plan to ...

private power developer clp india on monday said it has tied up with three financial institutions for a new financing structure ...

faced with a tough macroeconomic environment, private sector lender yes bank is sharpening its focus on emerging sectors such as ...

life insurance of india (lic) has said it has asked the regulator for extending the deadline for withdrawing existing products ...

insurance companies are shying away from corporate bonds in a scenario when the reserve bank of india (rbi) surprised the market ...

insurance companies are shying away from the corporate bond market in a scenario when the reserve bank of india (rbi) surprised ...

only new health insurance policies except those with a tenure of less than a year will have a free look period. insurance ...

ratings agency fitch said non-performing loans at indian banks are expected to peak as late as march 2016, compared with its ...

according to icici lombard travel insights 2013 survey by icici lombard and gfk mode, a sharp fall in the rupee (42 per cent), ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today approved the issue of rs 500 crore non- convertible debentures (ncd) ...

the findings are based on the banks balance sheets at the end of last year, the basel committee of global regulators said on ...

policyholder can choose to open an e-insurance account with any one of the five approved insurance repositories by providing ...

private insurer reliance life insurance company today said its life insurance policies will be available in electronic demat form ...

vikram akula had said the gold loan scheme that sks was running was akin to pawn broking , which company had begun after he d ...

banks sued for alleged manipulation resulted in a loss of income from investments and assets held by 5 failed corporate credit ...

last week, reserve bank of india governor raghuram rajan said there was talk of bringing india into some global bond indices. for ...

in order to augment resources for infrastructure, debt funds for this purpose under the nbfc route will now be eligible for ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on tuesday allowed companies in all sectors to avail of trade credit not exceeding $20 million up ...

chakrabarty emphasised the need for inculcating the habit of savings among the rural people and called upon them to avail credit ...

public sector insurer life insurance corporation of india (lic) has set a target to reach out to all uninsured and insurable ...

stressing the need for penetration of banks across the country, rbi deputy governor k c chakrabarty today said only 40,000 out of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) governor raghuram rajan said last week that there are some talks about bringing india into some ...

banks will function normally as a section of public sector bank employees who had threatened to go on strike tomorrow have ...

lakshmi vilas bank today said it has increased interest rates on domestic term deposits by 25-50 basis points. the rate hike is ...

this would be the first time that vikram pandit, who had steered citigroup during the financial crisis of 2008-09, would be part ...

despite this, it is imperative on the part of the mfi to revisit brand propositions to further strengthen its brand equity among ...

the world s biggest foreign- exchange traders say it s time to buy asian currencies as outflows from the region ebb and the us ...

global rating agency moody s today downgraded the senior unsecured debt and local currency deposit rating of country s largest ...

public sector bank indian overseas bank (iob) has requested the ministry of finance to infuse a capital fund to the extent of rs ...

pune-based electracard services (ecs) provider of software and processing solutions for enterprise payment systems, announced a ...

yield on 10-year government bond 7.16% 2023 ended at 8.58% compred with 8.19% thursday

the insurance regulator on friday said an e-insurance account holder under the insurance repository system would not need to ...

chennai based public sector indian overseas bank has approved preferential allotment of shares to the union government for ...

the reserve bank of india in its mid-quarter monetary policy review hiked the repo rate by 25 basis points to 7.5%. economists ...

soon after unveiling of the reserve bank s mid-quarter policy review, country s largest lender sbi today said lending and deposit ...

mumbai (reuters) - reserve bank of india unexpectedly raised its policy interest rate by 25 basis points on friday but ...

rating agency crisil said the reserve bank of india (rbi) s new guidelines on lending against gold will weaken the competitive ...

the life insurance council has asked the insurance regulator for an extension in the deadline for implementation of the new ...

investors locking-in at higher yields are seeing better returns and could further see their bond values rising if the rbi cuts ...

the gujarat cm asks bankers to change their mindset and have humanitarian approach towards target beneficiaries from weaker ...

dbs bank, for example, is hosting a nine-day exhibition of paintings by eminent artists at its kolkata branch in association with ...

with the rupee recouping most of its losses that it had incurred since may, banks are looking for rollback of liquidity ...

hdfc ergo general insurance hopes to grow above the industry average in the current fiscal on the back of its reduced dependence ...

the reserve bank of india today allowed the banks to open branches in tier-1 centers without taking its permission in each case. ...

the government today said it will decide about capital infusion in public sector banks in the next 10-15 days as stability is ...

state bank of india -- the country s largest lender -- has hiked the deposit as well as the base rate -- a day ahead of crucial ...

according to the liberalised definition, energy sector would include electricity generation, electricity transmission, ...

ujjivan financial services, a bangalore-based microfinance company, would be interested in applying for a specialised banking ...

bhartiya mahila bank, the first nationalised bank for women expected to be operational from november, intends to recruit 115 ...

jammu kashmir (j k) bank today said the reserve bank of india (rbi) has approved the extension of mushtaq ahmad s ...

public sector lender bank of india plans to raise upto rs 1,500 crore through basel iii compliant bonds to boost its tier ii ...

now, non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) offering loans against gold jewellery would have to follow a standard method to ...

rating agency moody s on tuesday upgraded jaguar land rover automotive (jlr) s corporate rating from ba3 to ba2 on strong and ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) deferred the rs 15,000- crore government bond auction to be held this week to monday. typically, ...

the reserve bank of india has asked banks to open more micro and small enterprises (mse) focused branches in different mse ...

the bond issues of nbfc firm india infoline finance (iifl) and state-owned housing and urban development corporation (hudco) ...

with peak festival season around the corner, bankers are pressing for a cut in crr and policy rates by the reserve bank in its ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has broadly accepted k u b rao committee report on gold loan sector and tightened the norms for ...

seeking to keep demand of gold under check, the reserve bank of india has tightened norms for loans against pledge of gold ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has tightened rules for finance companies which lend against gold, a fast-growing business in the ...

in a crisis...it pays to be an nri

raghuram rajan announced last week that banks can swap dollars raised through fcnr deposits for rupees at a fixed swap rate of ...

to rescue the rupee, rbi freed interest rates on fcnr deposits last month. it allowed banks to offer 400 bps for deposits with ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest bank, on monday said it expected rs 4,000-crore capital infusion from the ...

yes bank, the country s youngest private sector lender, has become the first bank to take advantage of the reserve bank of india ...

rbi has allowed non-residents to carry indian currency (upto rs 10,000) beyond immigration or customs desk to duty free area and ...

union finance minister p chidambaram has asked the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) to prepare a time frame ...

private life insurer indiafirst life insurance today said that all its policies will be available in dematerialized (demat) ...

given the volatile equity markets, investors are taking comfort in debt instruments. while bank fixed deposits are the safest ...

reuters - india s headline inflation rose at the fastest pace for six months in august, driven by an 18 percent jump in food ...

on october 1, all life insurers are required to be ready with new bouquet of products to be made available to customers. with the ...

the number of branches operated by life insurers across india has come down by over 10% in the last two years, primarily because ...

the country s largest lender state bank of india today said it has paid rs 1,120 crore in advance tax for the second quarter as ...

religare health insurance hopes to break-even in the fifth year of its operations and is at present focusing on sound ...

mumbai (reuters) - the reserve bank of india will offer banks a special two-day funding window through the marginal standing ...

indian banking sector is expected to become fifth largest in the world by the year 2020, kpmg said in a report prepared in ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, has seen 18-20% rise in its advances so far in the current financial ...

income tax department has asked electronic filing taxpayers not having sent their returns copy for the two previous assessment ...

even after one and a half years since third party (tp) pool for commercial vehicles was dismantled and declined risk pool was ...

in an attempt to boost penetration of crop insurance in the country, the insurance regulator has allowed agriculture insurance ...

standalone health insurance company religare health insurance has tied up with public sector lender union bank of india for the ...

state-run central bank of india (cbi) is not planning to increase its lending rate even though it has been witnessing an uptick ...

the country s banking sector will create eight lakh jobs in the next six years, mainly due to expansion of branches, addition of ...

a study by the rbi on india inc s investment plans doesn t paint a pretty picture. slowing growth, high inflation limited ...

biksham gujja contributed to major global initiatives such as the world commission on dams, world water commission and world ...

while the surgeons demand bariatric surgeries be kept out of the cosmetic surgery category, insurers are not comfortable covering ...

mfin report stated that the gross loan portfolio had grown by 17% in the quarter under consideration over the same period last ...

banks will be allowed to sell only standard or vanilla insurance products through their branches following the relaxation of ...

car insurance premium may rise in days ahead as the cost of imported spare parts has increased in the recent months because of ...

the sks trusts has asked sks microfinance to induct vikram akula, the founder on its board. biksham gujja, chairperson of the ...

these atms will be deployed at public locations like bus-depots, shopping malls, educational institutions, offices and small ...

an sbi research report today said banks are likely to net $5 billion by march, 2014 by availing rbi s special window facility to ...

global credit rating agency moody s downgrading of the debt ratings of 11 indian banks will not adversely impact the banks ...

reuters market eye - the move by the reserve bank of india (rbi) to offer concessional swap rates to banks to raise dollar ...

rajan s speech as central bank chief has heightened hopes of more aggressive steps to control rupee, clean-up mess in banking ...

axis bank has said its total exposure, direct indirect, to the national spot exchange ltd (nsel) was insignificant and the ...

state bank of india today shifted new branch at plush nepean sea road locality of south mumbai to a new premises. the premises ...

however, banks are required to fulfil certain inclusion criteria in underserved areas in proportion to their expansion in urban ...

state bank of travancore has launched a new scheme - aiswarya special deposit scheme. resident, non-resident individuals and ...

good evening. i took charge this afternoon as the 23rd governor of the reserve bank of india. these are not easy times, and the ...

raghuram rajan today after taking over as 23rd rbi governor from subbarao addressed the media saying, this is not an easy time ...

bajaj allianz life insurance has appointed anuj agarwal as its new managing director and officiating chief executive officer. the ...

singapore mumbai (reuters) - reserve bank of india (rbi) has sounded out lenders on offering forex swap lines at below-market ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) s concern over the 20 80 or 25 75 home loan schemes will help many from getting a poor credit ...

insurance regulatory and development authority has warned hdfc life for violation of file and use guidelines i.e., changing the ...

sks trust advisor has upped its holding in sks microfinance to 9.63%, becoming the largest shareholder india s only listed micro ...

b k modi-promoted spice group is perhaps the only big corporate house among the 26 applicants for the banking licence which is ...

corporate bond market traders said the yield on corporate bonds had also increased after the central bank s liquidity-tightening ...

about three months ago, the bank s board had recommended a three-year extension of chairman s tenure. however, the central bank ...

vijayan s has joined as head of treasury markets at dbs bank india. prior to taking up the new assignment, vijayan was ...

sudhirkumar jain, chairman and managing director of syndicate bank, has ruled out the possibility of merging all regional rural ...

the visakhapatnam division of life insurance corporation of india (lic) registered a 24 % fall in policies sold in august as ...

srei infrastructure finance, a major player in infrastructure financing and one of the 26 contenders for new banking licences, ...

as part of efforts to develop electronic services and ensure quality services to its customers across all channels, the national ...

foreign fund houses may not be anywhere close to the top five domestic giants, but when it comes to performance in the equity ...

the street expects the rupee to continue to appreciate this week, with the reserve bank of india (rbi) likely to announce some ...

as many as 16 public sector banks and 10 private sector banks missed the target of their lending to priority sector in the year ...

customer complaints against life insurance companies rose by nearly 10 per cent to over 3.41 lakh in the last fiscal, with ...

with a view to curb appetite for gold, banks are sanctioning advances, including personal loans, only if borrowers agree not o ...

career bureaucrat-turned-banker d subbarao demits office on wednesday after a 5-year stint as rbi governor during a tumultuous ...

experts say while number of policies bought online as percentage of total sales is only in a single digit, most consumers ...

the rupee completed its worst month since 1992 and the rupiah headed for its biggest decline in five years, as analysts cut ...

d subbarao said central banks tend to articulate the price stability objective in terms of cpi, considered a better indicator of ...

in 2005, central bank had issued a circular saying normal donations of the ucbs shouldn t exceed 1% of their published profits of ...

public sector banks wrote off rs 14,549 crore as loans, while made recovery of bad assets to the tune of rs 16,464 crore during ...

dbs bank india unit has reworked a strategy to effectively navigate through economic slowdown and adverse business environment ...

cbi has booked three former senior officials of union bank of india (ubi) and as many directors of a nagpur-based private company ...

to curb risks posed by shadow banking activities, the financial stability board (fsb) plans to establish an information sharing ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) on thursday sought to allay concerns on its oversight of government ...

bariatric surgery involves a surgical procedure wherein the size of the stomach is curtailed leading to reduced consumption of ...

public sector banks should deal strictly with wilful defaulters to check non-performing assets (npas) while being sympathetic ...

the development credit bank announced on thursday that it would be raising the rates it would offer its best customers as well as ...

indian banking and securities companies will spend around rs 41,700 crore on it products and services in 2013, an increase of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao will give his parting speech today evening at the tata theatre, national ...

it is the responsibility of the central bank, as well as the government, to protect investors from financial frauds, rbi governor ...

authorities around the world are investigating the abuse of financial benchmarks by large banks that play a central role in ...

switzerland said it has agreed to a draft plan with the us for the country s banks to settle a tax-evasion dispute after years of ...

for the first time, the finance ministry has started sending letters to service tax, customs and excise duty defaulters asking ...

a bitcoin trade group met members of the us treasury department s financial crimes enforcement network, regulators and ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has imposed a penalty of rs 2 lakh on future generali india life insurance ...

the reserve bank today pitched for stringent entry norms for new players while suggesting four- tier structure for the domestic ...

the rupee on monday weakened 96 paise, or 1.5 per cent from its previous close, to 64.31 a dollar, tracking offshore rates. the ...

seven banks are trading at a third of their book value. another 11 are trading at less than half of their book value, indicating ...

federal reserve officials rebuffed international calls to take the threat of fallout in emerging markets into account when ...

it took three decades for the amount of speculative-grade debt to reach $1 trillion. it took about seven years to reach $2 ...

omos are conducted by the rbi by way of sale purchase of government securities to from the market with the objective of adjusting ...

in a bid to boost exports and attract dollars the reserve bank of india (rbi) has decided to increase the rate of interest ...

icici prudential life insurance with edelweiss securities today executed one of the first ever trade in the insurance sector ...

federal bank has filed an application with foreign investment promotion board (fipb) for increasing the foreign shareholding ...

all options are on the table were the words of chief economic advisor raghuram rajan as he emerged out of a meeting with global ...

the us federal reserve could announce a cautious first step in tapering of bond purchases at its meeting next month, provided ...

the domestic scheduled commercial banks plan to open 2,361 brick and mortar branches in odisha during 2013-15.as per reserve bank ...

while leading banks have raised their benchmark lending rates last week,in turn, making home and auto loans costlier, car dealers ...

public sector banks face a shortage of 56,022 personnel across various cadres and the lenders are at different stages of filling ...

even as the life insurance industry is undergoing regulatory changes and companies in this space are looking to sustain business, ...

ask your bank to increase emi rather than increase in tenure. if you can prepay small amounts regularly and manage your emi ...

at least 51% of the funds of these category ii aif to be invested in entities in areas of infrastructure, sme entities or venture ...

despite the reserve bank of india (rbi) infusing rs 6,232 crore liquidity through open market operations (omo) purchase of ...

the rbi today imposed a fine of rs 6.5 crore on six public sector banks including idbi bank, dena bank and indian bank, for ...

the modest recovery in credit growth seen earlier this month is unlikely to sustain, as rising rates, slow business growth and an ...

pune based bank of maharashtra today became second public sector bank to raise its base rate. the bank has raised its base rate ...

the modest recovery in credit growth earlier this month is unlikely to sustain as rising rates coupled with slow business ...

bracing effect of adverse trade scenario, the current account deficit (cad) could widen for april-june 2013. but steps like curbs ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) once again flagged concerns about inflation in its annual report 2012-13 released today. ...

idbi bank has increased interest rates on foreign currency non-resident fcnr (b) and non-resident external (nre) deposits across ...

the rupee could touch 70 level against the us dollar in a month s time, although some revival of the currency is expected by the ...

yes bank today took a stand before the bombay high court that the suit filed by madhu kapur, the widow of bank s co-founder ashok ...

state-owned syndicate bank today said it has made upward revision of the rate of interest on foreign currency and non resident ...

icici bank has raised fixed deposit rates by up to 0.75% across select maturities due to a series of steps taken by rbi, leading ...

despite a slowdown in growth, nbfcs are expected to report a double-digit return on equity in the short to medium term, said a ...

bond yields set to fall as central bank ushers in operation twist move to help banks restrict mtm loss rupee may gain from ...

according to treasury executives, movements in the non-deliverable forward (ndf) market and domestic currency markets are closely ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has allowed a firm in kerala to operate as a non-banking financial company (nbfc) that follows ...

banks were not unduly worried even after the results for the quarter ending june 2013 showed rising bad loans amid slowing credit ...

india inc mopped-up over rs 12,000 crore through private placement of debt securities, or bonds in july, the lowest level in ...

axis bank, the third largest private sector lender in the country, has filed an application with the foreign investment promotion ...

banks were reasonably happy till the middle of july when they were finalizing the april-june quarter despite rising bad loans ...

the core banking system (cbs) of indian overseas bank (iob) was affected on monday due to complex technological malfunction, ...

dena bank has increased interest rate of foreign currency non residential (fcnr) accounts for the maturity between 3-5 years by a ...

to safeguard interest of investors from the negative impact of wild rumours, the state bank of india (sbi) has proposed the ...

according to a report posted on nyt s online edition, jpmorgan chase co hired the children of powerful chinese officials to ...

bond yields are set to rise further and the rupee could touch a new all-time low this week. the month-end dollar demand from ...

the rbi has permitted kerala industrial development corporation to float a non-banking finance company and offer products based ...

the finance ministry has sought relaxation in the eligibility norms for selection of sbi chairman so as to have more candidates ...

the indian rupee and indonesia s rupiah led a weekly loss in asian currencies on increasing speculation the us will scale back ...

credit-deposit ratios in seven districts - deogarh, gajapati, jagatsingpur, kadhamal, kendrapada, malkangiri, and sambalpur below ...

mutual fund investors pulled out nearly rs 24,000 crore in debt schemes in july after investing a staggering rs 65,000 crore in ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) move to cap remittances from $200,000 to $75,000 is likely to hit indian appetite for ...

more, a new set of measures focusing on curbing oil, gold and non-essential imports and opening up external fund raising have ...

electronic medical record (emr) which would enable healthcare providers to have a coded intergrated health care system has been a ...

sinha feels that apart from the take-out financing route, the seeking of credit risks, securitization markets, derivative markets ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is preparing to launch insurance repositories within the next few ...

state-run lenders idbi bank and oriental bank of commerce on wednesday raised deposit rates by up to 1.50 per cent in select ...

despite sharp rise in stressed assets - bad loans and restructured assets, in recent times, indian banks are least susceptible to ...

insurance sector regulator irda has asked all general insurance companies to send detailed guidelines to third party ...

yields on the 10-year benchmark government security rose after the announcement that wholesale price index inflation rose to a ...

banks should push for a management change in companies defaulting wilfully, financial services secretary rajiv takru said on ...

while the sbi chairman couldn t live up to his promise of improving asset quality, he leaves the country s largest bank in a ...

in the first phase, rbi had asked banks to provide access to basic financial services to all households by opening savings ...

expecting 20% growth in overseas business, mid-size lender union bank of india (ubi) plans to open branches in london, sydney and ...

amidst the ongoing talks of consolidating small state-run banks to create one or two globally large size banks, reserve bank ...

macquarie has downgraded its ratings on public sector banks as it expects further disappointments in their loan growth, asset ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) chief duvvuri subbarao said on tuesday that perhaps there was a need to reduce the reserves ...

icici bank customers can book rail tickets from irctc by sending two smss. the cost of the ticket will be directly debited from ...

both banks and the non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) should come under the regulatory purview of the reserve bank of india ...

with this addition, the bank now has a network of 49 rural branches in gujarat. the total number of branches in the state has ...

it is extremely rare (if not the first time) for an old-generation private sector bank in india to buy assets of a foreign bank ...

the street expects government bond yields to fall this week on the back of contraction in index of industrial production (iip), ...

the centre intends to provide more incentives to states which are doing good work in the area of financial inclusion, a senior ...

reliance general insurance is betting big on sale of health insurance products in the highly under-penetrated small and medium ...

syndicate bank chairman and managing director sudhir kumar jain on saturday said the bank expected to reduce stressed assets ...

the rupee is expected to trade in the 58-62 range against the dollar in the near-term and would stabilise only if india s foreign ...

k cherian varghese, former chairman and managing director of union bank of india, corporation bank and south indian bank, has ...

central bankers say such steps will be interpreted as finmin s we-are-running-the-show attitude and send a wrong signal to ...

life insurance industry collected renewals premium of rs 1.79 lakh crore, as on march 31, 2013, said data from life insurance ...

life insurance council (lic) today said insurers have so far received claims worth rs 100 crore relating to uttarakhand flash ...

the reserve bank of india will come out with measures to address asset quality issues in banks, said rajiv takru, secretary, ...

banks are gearing up for the festive season by offering concessions in interest rates for retail loans. few banks have already ...

rajan will be closely working with rbi governor and four deputy governors to gain familiarity with the central bank s stance on ...

chairman of board of iim ahmedabad says rajan most appropriate person to guide india s monetary policy through current turbulent ...

miscellaneous insurance segment, which was seen as a small area of business among general insurance companies, has seen a rise in ...

karur vysya bank ltd has received approval from the board of directors to raise up to rs 1,000 crore through qualified ...

raghuram rajan comes to his new job as governor of the reserve bank of india with a formidable reputation as an academic ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has imposed a penalty of rs 5,62,555 on july 12 on state bank of india (sbi), said rbi in a press ...

bharti axa life insurance today launched a unique traditional non-participating plan, bharti axa life secure income plan. the ...

an rbi-constituted committee has concluded that no personalities other than mahatma gandhi could fit the image to be inscribed on ...

bankers feel rajan already familiar with recent developments in country from his position as cea in finance ministry for about a ...

companies raised $1 bn via the automatic route, another $946 mn through approval route that requires case-by-case approval from ...

standard chartered bank plc s india unit has posted a 45% rise in operating profit at $450 million in six months ended june 2013 ...

allahabad bank cmd shubhalakshmi panse today said she has received letter from rbi for restructuring of loans in ...

the immediate priority for the new governor will be to draft the mid-quarter review of rbi s monetary policy on september 18 - ...

investors have pulled out more than rs 48,000 crore from various mutual fund schemes in june after putting in a staggering rs ...

dhanlaxmi bank is confident of improving its non-performing asset ratios in the current financial year even as the uncertain ...

the ongoing shift in monetary policy to stabilize the rupee may be similar to the situation in 1997-98 amid the asian financial ...

ruling out relaxation in norms for grant of new bank licences, the reserve bank today said though it has started the scrutiny of ...

with returns from liquid funds turning negative a couple of weeks back, many companies are looking at short-term bank fixed ...

balanced fund schemes are good investment options during volatile market conditions because of their well-defined asset ...

the rupee is expected to weaken more on the back of dollar demand from importers. currency dealers say it might even touch a ...

the r k patra commission of inquiry, constituted to probe illegal collection of money by chit fund companies, today issued ...

second largest public sector lender bank of baroda has said it is not looking at raising money from overseas markets via ...

the finance ministry is likely to finalise rs 14,000-crore capital infusion for public sector banks by the end of this month to ...

canara bank, the bangalore-based public sector lender, on saturday reported a marginal rise of 2.2% in net profit to rs 792 crore ...

the requirement of having a standard proposal form by life insurance companies, with detailed information of the financial needs ...

the madurai bench of madras high court today gave an interim injunction, which will take away the powers of foreign institutional ...

madras hc today said that fiis in tamilnad mercantile bank shall not be entitled to exercise voting rights on poll in any of the ...

new age banker kotak mahindra bank has identified uttar pradesh as a key growth area and targets to expand its branch network by ...

in a bid to ally concerns over issuing new bank licences to companies, rbi governor d subbarao today said corporates will bring ...

large public sector banks have reduced their loan book size in the first quarter of the current financial year as compared to the ...

rbi, in the past, has taken some steps in this regard including increase in provisioning norms and tightening norms for ...

a proposal has been mooted to bring in co-operative urban banks under the purview of banking omudsman in view of their key role ...

reserve bank deputy governor k c chakrabarty has said banks cannot do financial inclusion as charity but only as a viable ...

faced with a tight liquidity condition, two leading private sector banks -- hdfc bank and axis bank -- have raised fixed deposit ...

india s rupee plunged to its lowest levels ever on wednesday after reserve bank of india s mixed review sent speculators ...

pratip chaudhuri said such bonds might expose issuing entities (banks) to class action suits in the us for making an offer to a ...

a day after the monetary policy, banks have start increasing interest rates, with leading private sector lender hdfc bank and ...

the murugappa group s nbfc arm cholamandalam investment and finance company has decided to withdraw gold loan offering. it may be ...

private sector lender yes bank has hiked its deposit rates by 0.25% to 0.5% in select tenors.

public sector lender bank of india (boi) has put on sale non-performing assets (npas) of 64 accounts with outstanding balance of ...

indian banks association chairman k r kamath has told the rbi that maintaining daily cash reserve ratio at 99% of mandated level ...

the rbi left interest rates unchanged on tuesday as it supports a battered rupee but said it will roll back recent liquidity ...

sbi general insurance company limited has garnered collected total premium income of rs 270.89 crore during the first quarter of ...

with signal on rupee stability getting top priority, reserve bank of india may keep the repo rate and cash reserve ratio (crr) ...

the reserve bank of india today released its macroeconomic review report. in it, it has said, growth is expected to improve ...

amid continuing weakness in banking stocks, fund managers exposure to the sector has dropped to lowest level in 10 months and ...

indian bank has got the reserve bank of india s nod to open three branches in sri lanka, apart from the two that it already has ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) efforts to restrict the impact of liquidity tightening measures to the shorter end of the yield ...

vijaya bank, the bangalore-based public sector lender, on monday reported 18.9% rise in net profit to rs 132 crore for the first ...

siddaramaiah at the weekend urged public sector and scheduled banks to increase credit facilities to agriculture and other social ...

country s second largest private sector lender hdfc bank will be focusing on having a greater number of new branches in the ...

a rate cut to prop up sagging growth is unlikely when the reserve bank unveils the first quarter monetary policy review on july ...

banks have deployed as many as 1.95 lakh business correspondents (bcs) covering 2.21 lakh villages across the country as of march ...

three times in the last 35 years, a president has quietly picked a new chairman for the federal reserve and then quickly obtained ...

state-owned punjab national bank (pnb) today posted 2.4% rise in net profit to rs 1,275.32 crore for the first quarter ended june ...

housing finance company dewan housing finance limited (dhfl) is not looking to raise any capital, post the deal with dlf to ...

measures helped in stabilising rupee, resulted in yields rising high traders in banks, insurance companies and fund houses ...

the street is expecting partial devolvement in the rs 15,000 crore government bonds auction on friday as the reserve bank of ...

reserve bank of india s (rbi) steps to tighten liquidity will adversely impact car, truck and home sales. it will also reduce ...

rbi auctioned cash management bills for a notified amount of rs 6,000 crore today which included 56-days cash management bills ...

the finance ministry has asked public sector banks to provide 125 officers for deputation to the first woman-focused lender, ...

the banking regulator has announced a slew of measures in past few days to curb liquidity, address foreign exchange rate ...

the bank raised interest rate on domestic term deposits maturing between 91-179 days to 8.50% from 7.75% up 0.75%

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) steps to curb volatility in foreign exchange rate may have tightened liquidity but the measures ...

the reserve bank of india today announced measures to curb forex market volatility. the central bank said, banks will now need to ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has imposed rs 10 lakh penalty on max life insurance company for ...

china s removal of interest-rate restrictions on most loans increases the urgency of reducing volatility in money-market rates ...

central bank s move comes against the backdrop of the government efforts to crackdown on entities illegally raising large amounts ...

the nation s largest lender state bank of india needs rs 2,30,000 crore in additional capital to meet the stringent basel iii ...

country s second largest private sector lender hdfc bank has played down fears of rising bad loans, saying that it is not ...

subbarao was appointed as the central bank chief on september 5, 2008 for three years and was later given an extension for ...

the yield on the 10-year benchmark government bond 7.16% 2023 ended at 7.94% compared with previous close of 7.99%

hdfc chairman deepak parekh said a real estate regulator can t come into existence during the tenure of current government. we ...

after a steep fall in the week ended july 5, india s foreign exchange reserves rose a tad in the week ending july 12, shows ...

finance minister p chidambaram would be a worried man. he has been travelling around the world trying to convince investors to ...

regulator to keep an eye on certain unregistered nbfcs, can directly go for search seizure, ask for call records of those ...

rbi had decided to cap the daily liquidity adjustment facility at rs 75,000 cr, increase the marginal standing facility rate to ...

this despite the fact that rbi took steps to address exchange rate volatility, which will mostly likely harden bond yields, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on wednesday decided to conduct a special 3-day repo at an interest rate of 10.25% for a ...

life insurance companies would not only need to collect basic information, including identity proof, personal details and nominee ...

country s largest bank sbi today ruled out increasing its lending rates following the reserve bank s move to hike short-term ...

andhra bank today announced a 25 basis point reduction in base rate to 10 per cent from the present 10.25 per cent effective july ...

bankers today said the liquidity tightening measures announced by the rbi are temporary and hoped they will be rolled back once ...

banks scrambled today reserve bank of india s liquidity adjustment facility (laf), pushing the demand for over-night money beyond ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) reiterated on monday in a notification that banks should engage only those telemarketers who are ...

deutsche bank customers can now convert reward points earned on banking transactions into cash later under its new loyalty ...

oriental bank of commerce has reduced rates of term deposits of over rs 5 crore by 25 basis points with immediate effect. this is ...

china s central bank pledged on sunday to use a mix of policy tools to adjust banking liquidity to ensure steady credit growth, ...

nirmal laxmandas jitwani, canara bank customer from ambernath, alleged that the bank did not verify his signature before clearing ...

under the slb scheme, those having securities can lend their securities for consideration and those requiring securities can ...

icici prudential life insurance has simplified the claims settlement process for the families beneficiaries of the victims of ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) today permitted indian banks to acquire the shares of society for worldwide interbank financial ...

maternity covers may see an increase in premium, with insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) advising companies to ...

finance industry development council (fidc) - an association of asset financing non banking financial companies (nbfcs) will ...

indian banks association (iba) today demanded a cut in cash reserve ratio (crr) and repo rate in pre monetary policy ...

comments after recent demand that banks be allowed to sell products of atleast 5 insurance companies in place of 1 in non-life ...

bank credit showed signs of recovery as the latest data released by reserve bank of india (rbi) showed that credit grew by rs ...

private equity deals in india were up 15% at $4.72 billion during the first half of this year and the outlook for the second half ...

till recently, financial inclusion was nothing more than an onerous, target-driven corporate social responsibility for banks. but ...

insurance companies are likely to push non-participating products, as compared to participating products, post the implementation ...

the central excise intelligence has found service tax evasion of about rs 200 crore by around 2,000 debt recovery agencies ...

uttar pradesh wants commercial banks to increase agricultural credit to farmers and simply loaning process to bolster investment ...

sudhir kumar jain has assumed charge as chairman and managing director of manipal-based public sector lender syndicate bank on ...

tightening their noose on loan defaulters, banks have decided to name and shame the guarantors of such borrowers as well by ...

exchange rate volatility jumped the most in almost two years during the last quarter as the rupee slid 8.6%, asia s worst ...

to push long-term premium products, the insurance regulatory and development authority had last year advised insurers to go slow ...

single premium products are expected to see a continuing slide in new business premium collection, with insurance customers ...

the bombay high court today deferred the hearing on petition filed by madhu kapur seeking a direction to yes bank s board to ...

foreign brokerage deutsche bank has pegged india s gdp growth rate at 6% this fiscal following the recent policy measures, even ...

only 18% of single working women make their own investment decisions and 77% of the fairer sex depends on spouse or parents for ...

the case between yes bank and madhu kapur, widow of the bank s co-founder ashok kapur, did not come up for hearing on friday in ...

with t s vijayan completing 100 days in office as irda chairman, insurance industry officials are hopeful of a turnaround in the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) should become a knowledge institution to respond to the changing global economic scenario, said ...

even after the reserve bank of india reluctantly reduced policy rates by 125 points since 2012, there has been no sign of the ...

the bill needs assent of 272 mps in lok sabha, of which 204 belong to congress and 100 other mps have assured support, increasing ...

long-term counterparty credit ratings for barclays and deutsche bank were cut to a from a , while credit suisse group was reduced ...

the banking sector is expected to face headwinds from rising provisioning requirements, lower treasury gains and pressure on ...

mumbai based public sector lender bank of india today decided to cut its base rate by 25 basis points to 10%. new rate would be ...

bajaj allianz life insurance has relaxed its claim settlement norms to ensure faster claim settlement to the uttarakhand flood ...

india s state-run banks aim to open more than 8,000 branches in the current financial year ending march 2014 and hire over 50,000 ...

the reserve bank of india on wednesday said it would hold off from implementing a notification issued last week that mandated a ...

suryamani financing co ltd (sfcl) is part of the kolkata-based pawan kumar ruia group, promoter of the beleaguered tyre-maker ...

good track record, established brand name, wide network coverage and financial inclusion become catchwords in rush for banking ...

the reserve bank of india on monday received 26 applications for new banking licences, including from many large corporate houses ...

the country s largest microfinance today applied for a full-fledged banking licence. the mfi, which has about 4,6,00,000 ...

the rs 60,000 crore shriram group, today said that shriram capital, which is the holding company of all its financial services ...

jet airways has enhanced its partnership with hdfc bank by launching india s first premium debit card, the jetprivilege-hdfc ...

the bombay high court will on monday take up a petition filed by madhu kapur seeking a direction to the yes bank board to induct ...

canara bank has launched the aaadhar samruddi card, an aaadhar-enabled debit card that enables cash withdrawal at atms and also ...

also to study international experience in addressing issues relating to benchmarks and draw suitable lessons relevant to the ...

the yield on the 10-year benchmark bond 7.16% 2023 ended at 7.45% on friday compared with previous close of 7.56%

according to rbi s sectoral credit data for may 2013, personal loans showed a rose by 16.3% in may 2013 compared to 13% in may ...

rbi released jan - march cad figures, which was better than anticipated, before market hours and two trading sessions ahead of ...

the department of posts today submitted application before the reserve bank for a licence to offer full-fledged banking ...

rupee depreciation and a slowdown in capital inflows make it harder for business to service liability, while keeping pressure on ...

the company has built a flat organisational structure where there are no middle layers even when it comes to claims settlement to ...

anil ambani group s reliance capital (r cap) has roped in japanese investor s to pick up stake in the proposed bank by agreeing ...

post the completion of consulting and it services provider mahindra satyam s merger with tech mahindra, the combined entity ...

many insurance companies feel inadequately prepared to face certain megatrends that will impact the industry in the coming years, ...

reliance capital today said that it will apply for a bank licence. it added that it will sell 4-5% stake in proposed bank to ...

l t insurance and e-meditek global have jointly launched a pre-paid card for instant cashless claim authorisation, called ...

the german lender, which has 17 branches in india, saw its net advances rise 78% from a year earlier to rs 22,374 cr at the end ...

with the july 1 deadline to apply for bank licence is nearing fast, more corporate groups seem to be jumping in the fray. the ...

edelweiss financial services ltd today said its board of directors has approved a proposal to apply to reserve bank of india for ...

there is churning at the top in idbi bank s two group entities.idbi federal life insurance managing director (md) chief ...

sbi caps, the investment banking arm of state bank of india, should gain more expertise to help domestic companies acquire ...

finance minister p chidambaram s proposed meeting with chiefs of psu banks on june 26 to review lenders performance has been ...

life insurance premium in india still stands at rs 13,000 annually, said sb mathur, member (part time) at insurance regulatory ...

uttarakhand floods that have claimed over 100 lives in the last few days has also got insurance companies preparing for the claim ...

this month has a double blow for oil marketing companies (omcs), with the rupee at an all-time low versus the dollar, even as ...

the five lenders, including barclays plc, lloyds banking group plc and rbs group plc, have already submitted plans to raise half ...

former ubs and citigroup trader tom hayes conspired with employees from at least 10 financial institutions to manipulate ...

kotak mahindra bank launched kotak junior , a savings bank (s b) account for children and recurring deposit (rd) scheme. kotak ...

leading private sector lender icici bank s uk arm has launched hisave remittance account, an online savings account specifically ...

mumbai (reuters) - the reserve bank of india is likely to soon start placing surplus government funds with banks through ...

mumbai (reuters) - the rbi was again seen selling dollars around 59.90 rupee levels via state-run banks, three dealers told ...

the reserve bank of india is unlikely to cancel friday s 150 billion rupee bond auction for now, officials close to the ...

india has no plans to increase the size of its inflation-indexed bond issuance in the first half of the current fiscal year, a ...

presently insurers permitted to enter forward rate agreements, interest rate swaps and exchange traded interest rate futures with ...

co-investment - many private equity (pe) funds coming together to invest in a company - is fast emerging as a strategy in india, ...

diversified financial services group, edelweiss today said it would take a decision on applying for a bank licence in its board ...

pwc s new report, insurance 2020 unleashing the value from values, finds that when there are so many economic, structural and ...

the securitised paper, backed by construction equipment loans, tractor loans and mortgage loans, continued to exhibit a stable ...

the revamped privy league consists 3 new tiers - prima, magna and optima - which will offer more banking options, exclusive ...

mumbai (reuters) - the rbi on tuesday relaxed premium payment rules on some forex options by allowing the buyer of the option to ...

standard poor s (s p) ratings services today assigned bbb- long-term issue rating to a proposed issue of chinese ...

bank of baroda - country s second largest lender said that as of now status quo would be maintained on lending rates and it is ...

although the liquidity situation is within the reserve bank of india s (rbi) comfort zone, certificate of deposit rates have ...

liberty videocon general insurance company ltd, a joint venture between us-based liberty mutual insurance group and videocon ...

to register as a sub-broker, a company and its limited liability partner should have paid-up capital of at least rs 5 lakh, the ...

despite liquidity situation in central bank s comfort zone, rates of certificate of deposits (cds) have remained elevated amid ...

state bank of india, country s largest lender has paid the advance tax of rs 1,202 crore in the first quarter against rs 1,173 ...

the institutions which have been upgraded include five public sector banks, an overseas subsidiary of bank of baroda, two private ...

issue arrangers say coupon rates for foreign bonds may harden next year due to a pull-back of the us fed s third round of ...

government securities (g-sec) ended lower on selling pressure from banks and companies. the 8.33 per cent g-sec maturing in 2026 ...

fslrc chief defends panel suggestions to overhaul financial system by merging oversight functions of market, commodity, insurance ...

as of march 2013, the bank s total business stood at rs 2,636 cr, of which rs 1,533 cr has been from deposits, while advances ...

state bank of india has notched up nearly 60% uptick in deposits so far this fiscal, partly due to the flight of savings from ...

hdfc holdings has invested in peoplestrong, hr outsourcing and technology company. apart from hdfc holdings, lumis partners, a ...

borrowers might have to wait a little longer for lower rates from banks, if the reserve bank of india (rbi) does not cut rates in ...

banks disbursed new credit worth of about rs 48,900 cr in the fortnight, while accumulated deposits of about rs 92,200 cr were ...

if you can t buy them, bankrupt them.three months ago, ambow education holding, a troubled operator of tutoring centres in china ...

outstanding restructured advances of 10 large banks stood at rs 1,77,333 cr, of which only rs 58,366 cr is under corporate debt ...

european union finance ministers will grapple next week over how far the bloc should standardise its approach to writing down ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) inflation expectation survey of households shows future inflation expectations remained higher ...

oriental bank of commerce today slashed interest rates on term deposits of less than rs 1 crore across various maturities by 0.25 ...

standard chartered plans to expand its transaction banking business to capture global trade flows that are increasingly shifting ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) purchased $518 million dollars in the month of april on net basis, according to data released by ...

the uk government, which owns 39% of lloyds and 81 per cent of rbs after giving them a 65.5 bn-pound ($102 bn) bailout during the ...

barclays plc, the uk s second- largest bank by assets, plans to have found a replacement for finance director chris lucas by the ...

mumbai (reuters) - the rupee dropped to a record low in early trade on monday tracking gains in the u.s. dollar after ...

rbi will also involve enforcement agencies and tax authorities before it issues new bank licences to corporate entities for which ...

with banks lending remaining high, non-banking finance companies are increasingly look for alternative ways to meet their ...

life insurers collected total premiums of rs 4,965.37 crore for april this year, a 0.57 per cent rise over the same period last ...

standard poor s (s p) on friday cut its long-term credit rating on core education and technologies (core) from b to ...

banks are presently required to put in place a system of concurrent auditors to look into and report genuineness of the documents ...

finance minister p chidambaram on thursday said a committee had been appointed to identify and help re-start as many as 215 ...

union finance minister p chidambaram today launched the first social impact fund registered with the securities and exchange ...

complaint had said that he had deposited a cheque of rs 5 lakh in his hdfc account on november 16, 2011 which was not credited to ...

union finance minister p chidambaram today launched india s first sebi registered social impact fund - the dicci (dalit indian ...

seeking to push investment to boost growth, finance minister p chidambaram today asked banks to pass on the rbi s rate cut ...

private life insurer hdfc life has launched a cover, that is compliant with the new traditional product norms notified by the ...

private equity (pe) flows into the micro finance space in india had come down in 2012 on worries over the margin cap on micro ...

the insurance industry, that has been reeling under the impact of macro-economic situations and low penetration, has a reason to ...

max life insurance company limited today said the six-month time line for switching over to products approved according to the ...

lenders to troubled jewelery manufacturer winsome diamonds and jewellery (formerly su-raj diamonds)are mulling to restructure the ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) will make available multiple structure options to the banks to tie-up with ...

reserve bank of india s (rbi) central fraud monitoring cell in mumbai has been shifted to bengaluru regional office effective ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is planning to have a new formula for calculating persistency rates of life ...

governor duvvuri subbarao today said the reserve bank will take a call on final guidelines for foreign banks subsidiarisation ...

the life insurance industry has seen a net reduction of 7-8 lakh agents in the last four years, said v manickam, secretary ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has geared up for the product refiling process by engaging additional staff ...

subbarao said erring banks can face a maximum penalty of rs 1 cr and it was up to the lawmakers to decide whether this should be ...

the latest move by the reserve bank of india (rbi) to extend gold import on consignment basis norm from banks to all nominated ...

the reserve bank of india set the real yield at 1.44 percent at the first auction of its new series of inflation-indexed 2023 ...

india is likely to give new bank licences by march 31, 2014, rajiv takru, secretary of financial services, told a local news ...

besidesm, fsdc under p chidamabaram also reviewed position of asset quality, additional capital requirements of banks as per ...

with companies recording a 30-40 per cent annual rise in the number of liability suits, the liability insurance segment has taken ...

setting up foreign branches is set to become less strenuous for indian insurers with the insurance regulatory and development ...

the reserve bank of india today said customer service would be better once new banks come in. k c chakrabarty, deputy governor, ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao today allayed fears of stagflation in the economy and asserted that the central ...

with rupee hitting 11-month low against dollar, reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao today said it is not targeting ...

the move comes after cobrapost, an online magazine, alleged that hdfc bank was one of the private lenders that violated kyc, ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) will examine the issues arising out of a non-operating financial holding ...

aviva life research says a smoker pays rs 12,292 annually as life insurance premium for a 10-yr term plan with a sum assured of ...

the income tax department will file court cases for wilful evasion of taxes against depositors and those bank authorities who ...

the bank also recently adopted some villages in arunachal pradesh in border areas adjoining china to encourage farmers against ...

the reserve bank has extended the deadline for banks to complete the process of allotting a unique customer identification code ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) guidelines on restructuring of bank advances (loans) may stress profitability of state-run ...

the restructured loan portfolios of banks are likely to expand, as several infrastructure projects, mostly in the power sector, ...

last year, rbi had removed overall rate of interest cap of 26% but however had imposed margin cap of 10% on large mfis and 12% ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) guidelines on restructuring of bank advances is likely to stress profitability of state-run ...

he earned rs 5.02 cr during the last financial year. his remuneration rose 2.4% from a year earlier

power finance corp ltd (pfc), india s state-owned lender to power projects, has posted a 46% jump in net profit for the financial ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will conduct the auction of new inflation indexed bond maturing in 2023 on tuesday for a notified ...

the ruling came in a transfer pricing dispute between dbs and the i-t deptin a significant tax relief to singapore-headquartered ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may allow large microfinance institutions (mfis) having loanbook above rs 100 crore, to keep ...

the aim of the department is to check suspected tax evasion by these banks and possible loss of revenue by alleged illegal acts ...

after 19 quarters, banks witnessed a sharp drop in the incremental gross non-performing assets during january-march 2013, giving ...

insurance companies would have to be maintain a record of all transactions, said the insurance regulatory and development ...

federation of indian chambers of commerce and industry (ficci) has strongly supported provident fund (pf) deduction on full ...

the microfinance institutions network (mfin) on tuesday said that during fy12-13 growth was witnessed mostly outside andhra ...

the rbi, in annual policy review, had proposed to restrict import of gold on consignment basis by banks only to meet genuine ...

currently, the bank has the nationwide branch network of about 1,461 branches, of which around 900 are located in gujarat and ...

justifying the decision to treble lic s investment limit, takru said the corporation was sitting on trillions of rupees which ...

acting tough on fraudulent financial entities duping innocent investors, the odisha government has decided to get these cases ...

small industries development bank of india (sidbi) engaged in promotion and financing of micro, small and medium enterprises ...

net non-performing assets (npas) or bad loans of 39 banks increased by a negligible 0.8% or rs 750 crore only in the fourth ...

the reserve bank of india plans to allow exporters and importers to rebook and cancel up to 50% of their total hedged exposure ...

foreign insurance company shall mean a company registered outside india whose paid-up capital is subscribed to by an indian ...

since may 1, the rupee has fallen 3.31%, due to the increasing strength of the dollar against all currencies, as well as the ...

we have decided to do trading in high quality stocks only, preferably the nifty stocks which have good volumes and less ...

reserve bank of india governor duvvuri subbarao went against the suggestion of a majority of external members of the central ...

the bank of japan vowed on wednesday to take necessary steps to reduce volatility in bond markets that has threatened to ...

apollo global management llc is the top-performing stock among publicly traded alternative-asset managers as chief executive ...

hsbc picks the rupee as one of two asian currencies along with the yuan that can hold their own in a climate of sticky yen ...

crisil has assigned its crisil aaa stable rating to larsen toubro (l t s) rs 1,00 crore inflation linked capital ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is open to the idea of using the consumer price index (cpi) inflation for providing inflation ...

the overdue position of public sector banks in odisha has climbed to 59.78% by the end of march this year, against 45.90% (as on ...

the fall in government bond yields are expected to continue this week due to expectations of a repo rate cut in the mid-quarter ...

while loans to agents of mlm firms have stopped, existing depositors now have to declare their investments before borrowing from ...

the bank has over 200,000 depositors across karnataka, most of them muslim shopkeepers. it is understood that there is high ...

housing finance companies (hfc) should also be brought under purview of the reserve bank of india (rbi), said state bank of india ...

rejecting the bail plea of saradha group promoter sudipta sen and one of his close aides, a local court in west bengal saturday ...

the ministry of finance has notified that two rural banks sponsored by canara bank and bank of india are to be amalgamated into a ...

chancellor angela merkel is drawing fire from germany s banks for pushing through regulation they say is rushed and meant to ...

a wave of investor demand that has allowed deutsche bank and two other lenders to raise euro six billion ($7.7 billion)in new ...

government securities (g-sec) surge on persistent buying support from banks and companies. the 8.33 per cent government security ...

finance ministry today reasserted that action on top three private banks that were alleged of money laundering by online portal ...

private equity (pe) investors in india who are waiting to exit their five-six years old investments, are back into the initial ...

total income for the quarter increased 14.13% to rs 1,090.32 crore vs rs 955.33 crore in the year ago quarter

bankers today failed to find the way out of their troubled exposure to stalled maheshwar hydel power project in madhya pradesh ...

a confidential report prepared by reserve bank of india on cobrapost expose on hdfc bank, axis bank and icici bank in march this ...

bank of india has planned a qualified institutional placement offer in the second half (october-march) of this financial year, to ...

gold and silver imports stood at $7.4 billion in january while in february and march it aggregated $5.7 billion and $3.3 billion ...

state-owned banking and financial services company bank of baroda reported a 32% fall in net profit today at rs 1,028.85 crore ...

state-owned canara bank plans to raise up to $1 billion (about rs 5,487 crore) through bonds this month from the overseas market ...

softbank corp is playing it rough in its attempt to keep dish network corp from breaking up its $20.1-billion deal to take ...

the common third party administrators (tpa) that would be operational from january 1, 2014 will see the four public general ...

idbi bank has reduced the retail term deposit rates (i.e. deposits up to an amount less than rs one crore) in two short-term ...

note says infrastructure is the biggest risk for the banks during the fiscal, which will see the gross bad assets ratio climbing ...

he was responding to queries on what steps the bank had taken to prevent fraudulent withdrawal of cash from accounts of sbi ...

cobrapost has accused a number of public and private sector banks as well as insurance companies of running a nation-wide money ...

online portal cobrapost had accused as many as 23 banks, including sbi, and insurance companies of running money a nation-wide ...

pnb s net profit declined 20.6 pre cent at rs 1,131 crore during the fourth quarter of the current financial year over rs 1,424 ...

asset quality pressures are expected to continue for banks even in the current fiscal. it is expected that the gross ...

the state bank of india today said it is confident of meeting the regulatory requirements at one of its us arms soon and also ...

public sector lender indian bank has posted a decrease of 15.4% in net profit at rs 292.12 crore for the quarter ended march 31, ...

actis had invested $25 million in a jv company floated with vaishnavi group to construct a residential and retail development in ...

rbi said those cheques required to be re-presented without any recourse to the payee should be made in the immediate next ...

citigroup inc, the third-biggest us lender, named steven wieting global chief strategist of its private bank, the unit that ...

the reserve bank will shortly come out with its clarifications on issuing licences for more private sector banks, the finance ...

private sector lender axis bank will replace state-run bank of india (boi) as the trustee bank for the national pension system ...

panel says there is an urgent need to boost india s exports so that the trade deficit is narrowed down and cad stays within the ...

authorities have also asked for a detailed report on utmost priority with the name of the employee, his designation and action ...

state bank of india (sbi) today ruled out any immediate cut in lending rates even as the reserve bank had reduced policy rate by ...

online media firm cobrapost.com today made money laundering allegations against a wider set of banks and financial institutions ...

south indian bank has posted 26.13% increase in net profit during the quarter ended march at rs 153.83 crore as against rs 121.95 ...

in its continuing undercover operation operation red spider 2 , cobrapost has found major public sector banks, private banks and ...

a psb executive said the scale of loan recast was high since three big-ticket cases, including one in thermal power generation, ...

the reserve bank s decision to restrict bank finance to gold imports meant only for jewellery exports will jeopardise the supply ...

rbi has asked nbfcs to initiate steps for allotting unique customer identification code (ucic) to all their customers while ...

chaudhuri has been calling for a 100 basis points cut in the banks cash reserve ratio (crr), which the governor left unchanged ...

domestic policy uncertainties, governance concerns, the impact of earlier monetary tightening and the slacking of external demand ...

the public sector lender, which had witnessed 89% drop in net profit in the fourth quarter to rs 59 crore due to rise in bad ...

the four-day event will conclude on sunday at the sprawling iecm complex, where wi-fi internet connection has been enabled for ...

the in-house third party administrator (tpa) for public general insurers would be operational from january 1, 2014, according to ...

terming regulatory arbitrage as an emerging grey area, sebi chairman u k sinha today said such inconsistencies need to be ...

indian overseas bank (iob) has said it will look at raising $2 billion through medium term note (mtn) and said it would also look ...

according to bankers and industry analysts, the growth in private banks credit portfolio was driven by higher demand for retail ...

banks focus on retail lending has helped to boost retail credit with outstanding retail loans growing by 14.5% year-on-year for ...

managing directors in jpmorgan s mergers advisory and underwriting teams earned an average of $1.7 mn in total compensation for ...

indian depository receipt (idr) holders of standard chartered plc can now covert 25 per cent of their original holding into ...

industry body confederation of indian industry (cii) is hoping for a 50 basis point cut in interest rates, as reserve bank of ...

despite 200 bps cut in the cash reserve ratio and 100 bps reduction in the repo rate by the reserve bank of india since january ...

jefferies india has raised its target price on icici bank on expectations of improved growth in india s largest private sector ...

says the industry was witnessing multi speed growth in terms of various businesses, and the same business house was experiencing ...

the finance ministry has red-flagged over 250 suspicious banking transactions, most of them related to multi level marketing ...

private sector lender federal bank has said it will continue to grow its gold loan-book by up to 18% during 2013-14 in spite of ...

state bank of travancore (sbt), an associate bank of state bank of india, on friday reported an 8.5 per cent rise in net profit ...

kidwai said the bank s lending rate has come down only to 9.7-10.25% at present from 10-10.75% in april last year, which is not ...

gold imports in value terms stood at $56 billion for 2011-12, $40 billion in 2010-11 and $28 billion in 2009-10, minister of ...

the number of such cases in maharashtra stood at 162, followed by tamil nadu (136), haryana (127), karnataka (83) and the ...

pension products would have to guarantee an assured benefit in the form of a non-zero rate of return, which would need to be ...

in a move that could bring in more transparency in the term money market and lead to better pricing, treasury officials of banks ...

it would be only fair if debjani mukherjee s journey from receptionist to the post of the director at saradha realty is termed as ...

in an indication to this, loans given to women shgs under the bank linkage touched rs 13,000 crore in the financial year ending ...

dena bank has launched a scheme jointly with united insurance for covering over 2 lakh farmer customers and their family members ...

as india remains amongst the most underinsured countries in the world, finance minister p chidambaram today said there is a need ...

cmpfo has invested rs 29,363.95 crore in icici securities primary dealership ltd besides rs 16,522.5 crore in the special deposit ...

public sector lender union bank of india has raised $350 million through unsecured notes due in 2018 through its hong kong ...

declares the central government notification dated january 28, 2003, bringing cooperative societies within the purview of the ...

the committee in their earlier reports had expressed their view that the rural branches should be considered as a service centre ...

hsbc s plan to sell stake in the indian life insurance joint venture with two public sector banks has run into rough weather. ...

with government set to launch the second phase of direct benefit transfer (dbt) scheme, finance ministry has asked psu banks to ...

the reserve bank is likely to issue by early next month clarifications on new bank licence guidelines as sought by interested ...

a government committee has turned down an rbi proposal to limit fii investments in the secondary market, considering the ...

asian currencies had their best week in seven months, as japan s monetary easing spurred inflows into the region s assets, and ...

dealing with fraudulent agents has been one of the big issues for prospective and existing customers of insurance companies. and, ...

besides, the pension regulator has asked these fund managers to restrict their single industry exposure to 15% of nps investments ...

the rating firm believes retailers like gitanjali gems, tribhovandas bhimji zaveri, pc jewellers and titan, which usually lease ...

the banking secretary said that he has received rbi s interim audit report on the allegations levelled in the sting operation by ...

at a time when foreign banks operating in india are reducing their employee count here, indian banks have increased their ...

insurance and pension fund companies may get total freedom in deciding their investments to achieve higher returns and attract ...

kochi-based federal bank launched rupay brand debit cards on thursday. the debit card would be accepted on over one lakh atm s of ...

quantitative capital controls have been more effective for india in the short term but such limits can also be distorting, ...

sales growth in q3 fy13 was 9.2% to rs 7.5 lakh cr, as compared to 19.2% in the same period of the previous year

japan s stimulus to dominate discussions on world economy, especially the repercussions on asset prices and risks of stoking ...

as employees of state-owned banks bargain hard for a steep hike in wages, the finance ministry has asked indian banks ...

infrastructure debt funds (idfs) can now extend the tenure of their schemes by up to two years with the consent of two-third ...

old generation private lender federal bank today sought to allay investor fears on any likely impact on the banks business on ...

for the past year, a special team of us bank regulators has been on a quiet mission to end the belief on wall street that large ...

citigroup inc, the third-biggest us bank, said first-quarter profit rose 30 per cent as revenue from fixed-income trading and ...

the microfinance industry saw 13% rise in deals involving sale of portfolio through securitisation and other bilateral ...

in a note submitted to the rbi, the chamber has further suggested that well-run large nbfcs should be considered for new bank ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today asked all insurance companies to review the existing agreements with ...

this has comes days after successful bond issuances by state bank of india last last week and a dozen of corporates in recent ...

indian banks are expected to conduct over one lakh e-auction transactions during financial year 2013-14 to sell properties of ...

bankers are confident they can persuade the european union that its proposed financial trading tax poses enough risks to ...

private sector banks are sensing a business opportunity in villages and rural areas, following the government s decision to ...

in a possible record-setting year in terms of money invested in mutual funds, all the fund houses together attracted total net ...

private sector banks are sensing a business opportunity in rural villages following the government s decision to extend interest ...

kotak mahindra bank today said heliconia pte, an affiliate of government of singapore investment corporation pte (gic), will ...

big banks may be considered too big to fail, but their size and operational complexity create performance drags that could also ...

basel-iii norms require banks to migrate to strict net stable funding ratio, which is designed to ensure that long-term assets ...

a private equity firm spun off from bank of america corp in 2010 has raised its first fund, allowing it to continue making ...

ratnakar bank today said it has raised rs 324 crore from a group of global and domestic investors to finance its expansion ...

the sub-committee of the financial stability and development council (fsdc) is likely to discuss the modalities of inflation ...

promoters of hdfc bank, india s second largest private lender, have cut their holding by 11 basis points (bps) during the ...

two new watchdogs adopt more intrusive regulation and impose higher fines which will be paid into the coffers of cash-strapped ...

fiis raised their holdings in bob by 0.55% to 16.67% and by 0.08% in pnb to 18.02%, compared to the december quarter

move reflects fears over safety of money following the economic turmoil in cyprus, which prompted the nation to impose haircuts ...

country s third largest private sector lender axis bank is targeting a 30% growth in its home loans every year over the next two ...

country s largest bank sbi will discontinue a free accident insurance cover given to its home and car loan customers from july ...

the world s monetary floodgates are swinging wide open.after watching ben s bernanke take unprecedented steps for four years to ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) is planning to transform about 700 primary agriculture ...

ernakulam district, the financial capital of kerala, will have a banking credit plan of rs 12,995 crore during the fy13-14.a ...

insurers acting as registrars to unique identification authority of india (uidai) would have to disclose the income expense ...

fixed deposit rate on maturity between 271 days and one year will go up by 0.15% to 7.75% from existing 7.60%

micro-insurance which constitutes about 20-30% of the product portfolio of insurers have seen a reduction in costs by almost 35% ...

with liquidity conditions easing significantly in the new financial year, banks have started reducing deposit rates which will ...

country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) has been conferred the national award by the ministry of micro, small and ...

four mortgage insurers will pay more than $15 million in penalties to settle claims they paid illegal kickbacks to lenders in ...

high networth individuals (hnis) are used to preferential treatment from banks. they get personalised services, better rates, and ...

while barclays has cut overall remuneration levels, compensation for the top 70 executives was consistently above the average at ...

the yen and euro traded in narrow ranges on wednesday, with investors reluctant to second-guess central bankers in the run-up to ...

to help farmers hit by drought for two consecutive years, nabard has extended concessional crop production finance at 4.5 per ...

axis bank is likely to appoint rajiv anand as the head of its retail liabilities business, two people familiar with the ...

reliance life insurance company today launched its new healthcare solution, reliance life easy care fixed benefit plan for ...

axis bank has announced the launch of empower home loan , a home loan product for the self-employed individuals. the product is ...

the street will have to wait for at least one more week as the reserve bank of india (rbi will not auction the new 10-year ...

to set up a jv company for undertaking an insurance business with risk participation, cic should have minimum owned funds of rs ...

punjab national bank-the third largest lender of the country-has slashed fixed deposit rates upto 200 bps on various maturities. ...

finance minister p chidambaram is scheduled to meet select bankers in mumbai on april 8 to impress upon them the need to increase ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will meet the country s top bankers on 4 april for the pre-policy discussions in which the later ...

punjab national bank has cut the interest rate on single domestic term deposit of less than rs 1 crore to 7.50% from 8.75% ...

sks microfinance limited, the only listed microfinance institution in the country, on monday announced the conclusion of two ...

clarifications range from issues such as the details to be provided in the licence application forms and the exact time period ...

customers will be charged rs 15 per quarter in case of salary or savings accounts, and the charge would be rs 25 for current ...

govt has also asked the banks to ensure that the amount written off by banks as bad loans does not exceed the cash recovery made ...

kolkata-based united bank of india (ubi) has filed a petition to wind up vijay mallya promoted united breweries holdings (ub ...

stops short of welcoming the plan, acknowledges that infrastructure gap is key constraint to sustainable growth in developing ...

this is the largest number of bank branches launched in a single day in india, a feat, which chidambaram termed as a triple ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday postponed the implementation of basel-iii regulations for the currency derivatives ...

the total business of the thrissur-based south indian bank (sib) has crossed a landmark figure of rs 75,000 crore. according to ...

dhfl has decided to reduce the interest rate in 0.2-0.5% range on housing loans from april 1 while aiming for 50% growth during ...

savers from other euro zone countries withdrew 18 per cent of the cash they held in cyprus in february, amid concerns the ...

deutsche bank ag declined as much as 3.9 per cent in trading here, after standard poor s said it might lower the lender s ...

european union (eu) nations approved bank-capital and bonus rules for the 27-nation bloc in the face of continued opposition from ...

as america s strongest bank, jpmorgan chase used to be known for carrying special sway with regulators. now it increasingly finds ...

the reserve bank has asked banks to keep open their designated tax collecting branches on good friday (march 29) and the ...

gold loan company muthoot fincorp has said it has developed a first of its kind android-based mobile application that will enable ...

the business standard insurance round table was attended by r k nair, member-finance investment, insurance regulatory and ...

both general insurance council and irda have made efforts to set up this pool, a formal notification giving guidance for its ...

leading microfinance institution (mfi)-sks microfinance (sks) has seen a host of positive developments recently which could ...

global investment bank deutsche bank stated that investors may be too pessimistic about indian equities, adding that it expects ...

government bond yields are expected to rise further this week amid concerns surrounding political instability and doubts about ...

borrowers troubled by elevated interest rates will have to wait for a bit longer for relief as bankers have virtually ruled out ...

sks microfinance, india s only listed micro lender, may raise rs 3,000 crore during the next fiscal to meet its lending ...

state-run uco bank has started an internal probe to examine the functioning of its branches after west bengal infrastructure ...

the financial sector legislative reforms commission, headed by former justice bn srikrishna may recommend delineation of ...

sks microfinance ltd, india s only listed micro-lender today said it has completed two more securitisation transactions ...

says money laundering allegation not proved yet monitoring system working well will tighten know-your-customer norms if ...

on march 18, interim order from sc made clear that no coercive steps could be taken against the co if it complied with oct 22, ...

with huge investments targets for renewable energy projects including solar and wind power, the government wants the public ...

despite vehement opposition from various financial regulators, fslrc proposes a unified regulator for the rest of the financial ...

export-import bank of india (exim bank) has extended a line of credit (loc) of $41.60 million to the government of the union of ...

small industries development bank of india (sidbi) today signed a tripartite memorandum of understanding (mou) with social fund ...

despite the developments related to cyprus, the response to idbi bank s bond offering was robust, with the issue getting ...

following the supreme court interim order, sks microfinance limited, the only listed micro finance institution (mfi) in the ...

general insurers have seen a 19.36% rise in premium collection for april to january period this fiscal, compared to same period ...

ubs has decided to quit the panel which sets the euribor benchmark rate for lending in euros between banks, becoming the latest ...

cyprus s parliament overwhelmingly rejected a proposed levy on bank deposits as a condition for a european bailout on tuesday, ...

the three private sector banks allegedly involved in money laundering activities could face the hefty fines from the reserve bank ...

lending rate is unlikely to be cut this month as bankers said that they will wait for further signals from rbi before lowering ...

finance minister p chidambaram today said the finance ministry and the reserve bank of india were closely looking into alleged ...

uco bank today said the fixed deposit receipts of west bengal infrastructure development finance corporation (wbidfc) were ...

finance minister p chidambaram today said the reserve bank of india (rbi) would address the concerns related to liquidity in its ...

3 private sector banks -- icici bank, axis bank and hdfc bank -- named in the sting operation have taken action by suspending ...

uttar pradesh government today announced to rescue 16 ailing district cooperative banks (dcb) in the state even as the centre is ...

finance minister p chidambaram today came down heavily on wealthy promoters who are not servicing bank loans in the garb of their ...

british banking major hsbc is willing to take whichever route the reserve bank prescribes for it to operate in the country, ...

finance minister p chidambaram will meet heads of public sector banks tomorrow to take stock of their concern amid moderating ...

state bank of india (sbi) plans to open about 1,200 branches in the country and another eight branch offices overseas, including ...

taking cue from declining core inflation levels and sluggish growth trends, the reserve bank of india is likely to cut key policy ...

private sector banks in odisha may be brought under the ambit of financial inclusion programme, an initiative of the reserve bank ...

veteran banker and hdfc chairman deepak parekh on friday said companies, particularly those in the financial sector, exploit ...

icici bank fell 3.9%, hdfc bank declined 1.1% and axis bank dropped 0.90% on friday

a day after cobrapost, an online magazine, made money laundering allegations against icici bank, hdfc bank and axis bank, several ...

banks have been advised by rbi to consider issuing debt and credit cards with photographs of the cardholders to prevent misuse of ...

andhra pradesh grameena vikas bank (apgvb), a regional rural bank (rrb) sponsored by state bank of india, has opened 135 ultra ...

the bank borrowing at reserve bank of india s liquidity adjustment facility (laf) rose sharply to rs 1,35,000 crore in morning on ...

mumbai (reuters) - the finance ministry and rbi are investigating allegations of money laundering practices at top private sector ...

staff caught on camera offering money-laundering solutions in cobrapost sting icici bank, hdfc bank and axis bank initiate ...

ac cabs, foreign trip offer...

government-owned bank of india s $500 million bond issue opened in markets abroad today and got subscriptions five times the ...

national insurance company (nic) might be listed by march 2015, following the finalisation of norms for initial public offerings ...

the government today clarified that tax-free bonds are eligible investments for companies in a bid to boost corporate ...

the financial intelligence unit (fiu) of the finance ministry will probe the alleged sting operation conducted by online portal ...

the bank currently operates 114 branches in odisha to add three more branches to its network in bhubaneswar region by the end of ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has set up a a seven committee to review the practices in insurance broking ...

independent investigative journalist, aniruddha bahal, made the accusations in a news conference televised by a local tv station ...

spice global, a us$ 2 billion diversified conglomerate, plans to apply to reserve bank of india (rbi) for a banking license and ...

new delhi (reuters) - india s headline inflation picked up in february on higher fuel costs but another measure of price ...

india s stubbornly high inflation must come down to a 4 to 6 percent range, reserve bank of india (rbi) chief duvvuri subbarao ...

jpmorgan chase co chief executive officer jamie dimon personally stands to miss out on about $1.39 million a year if the ...

housing finance firm repco home finance ltd (rhfl), promoted by chennai-based repco bank, is planning to explore access to ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has given a warning to public general insurer national insurance company ...

demand for agricultural credit this year is sustained even if other sectors have shown lesser demand. according to the latest ...

government on tuesday said it was examining the way in which general insurance corporation (gic) entered into an arrangement with ...

global banking regulators will examine whether their new rules forcing lenders to hold more capital to absorb any future losses ...

government will introduce one billion pieces of rs 10 bank notes made of plastic on a field trial basis in five cities, minister ...

the kotak mahindra group today said that it raised as much as $90 million or (rs 490 crore) for its india infrastructure private ...

liquidity in the system came under further pressure as banks borrowing at reserve bank of india s liquidity window crossed rs ...

indian companies invested $1.65 billion in the month of february, reserve bank of india said today. companies committed the money ...

customers in smaller cities will have better access to insurance products, thanks to a number of proposals in the budget 2013-14. ...

l t housing finance ltd s (l t hfc) profitability is likely to be low due to higher operating expenses in the medium ...

dredging corporation of india, provider of integrated dredging services to india s major ports, non-major ports, shipyards and ...

financial services major srei group plans to apply for a banking licence to set up a bank with strong rural presence. it would ...

the japan government s choice to lead the country s central bank promised on monday to move quickly to implement fresh monetary ...

brazil s central bank will probably raise its benchmark interest rate this year to fight inflation as the economy recovers, a ...

the european central bank s record low interest rates are not getting to those who need them most because of huge differences in ...

adopting a name and shame policy to make borrowers pay their dues, banks have decided to publish in newspapers photographs and ...

amid moderation in economic growth, finance minister p chidambaram is likely to prod banks to step up lending at a meeting with ...

global banking giant hsbc saw its headcount in india decline by 2,000 persons in 2012, recording the fourth consecutive year of ...

coffee day holdings, the bangalore-based and highly diversified group, is gearing up for aggressive expansion of its financial ...

in a move to encourage women entrepreneurs, bangalore-based public sector lender canara bank on saturday announced the launch of ...

four years after the financial crisis, us federal regulators said that many of the nation s largest banks were better prepared to ...

citigroup inc, the third-biggest us bank, asked the federal reserve for permission to buy back $1.2 billion of shares without ...

bangalore-based public sector lender vijay bank on friday announced a big bonanza for women customers as part of the women s day ...

india and bhutan today signed a currency swap agreement for up to $100 million to further economic co-operation between the two ...

sanjiv misra, former secretary, department of expenditure, ministry of finance has been appointed as the non-executive chairman ...

the federal court of australia in its ruling has said icici bank that financed lanco group for acquisition of griffin coal cannot ...

the next financial year could be a turning point for state bank of india (sbi). the quality of its assets have been under intense ...

with growth in life insurers new premium business declining, insurers and agents are increasingly shifting focus to renewal ...

the company will net rs 259.05 cr at the lower end and rs.270.04 cr at the upper end of the price band

the credit quality of us state finance agencies is still at risk from low mortgage rates and home prices, high unemployment and ...

for the first time since the crisis andhra pradesh in oct 2010, microfinance institutions have shown growth in gross loan ...

india ratings has affirmed the state bank of india s long-term issuer rating at aaa with a stable outlook on the back of its ...

standard chartered bank jointly with asian development bank will work towards improving access to financial services for the poor ...

after the union budget announced additional sops for first time home loan borrowers, hdfc bank has been seeing many enquiries ...

citigroup s former ceo, vikram pandit, might be joining the race to become a co-applicant for a banking licence in india. two ...

owing to budget 2013-14 s incentive to the housing sector, banks and housing finance companies are seeing a rise in the demand ...

the country s largest private sector lender icici bank will auction this month gold jewellery weighing nearly 25 kg, which has ...

punjab national bank (pnb) and bank of india (boi) on wednesday said they had received capital infusion of over rs 2,050 crore, ...

the pound fell for the first time in three days against the dollar before bank of england policy makers start a two-day meeting ...

indiafirst life insurance, a joint venture between bank of baroda, andhra bank and legal and general is launching personalised ...

the major share is for crop loan at 49.62 per cent(rs 47,808.34 crore), followed by other priority sector at 21.11 per cent

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has finalised the norms for initial public issue (ipo) by general insurers ...

even as the uttar pradesh government targets agricultural growth rate of five per cent, the state ground level credit potential ...

the reserve bank has allowed corporates facing investigation from any law enforcement agency to raise funds through external ...

for long, insurers have demanded an open bancassurance structure to ensure they are able to tap into the wide distribution ...

general insurers in india feel the recent increase in premium rates of motor third party premiums has not been adequate. through ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has published in the gazette of india, five key reforms related to the ...

india ratings has downgraded the long-term rating for heg ltd, the graphite electrode unit of the lnj bhilwara group, to a from ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) will take a call on altering its place of business regulation, which ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has told life insurance companies to reinsure with domestic reinsurers ...

hsbc holdings plc said it has provided details of the us-based clients of its group company in india to the us internal revenue ...

standard chartered notched up a 10th successive record year with a 1% profit increase in 2012, just below expectations after a ...

the reserve bank of india has placed several restrictions on surat nagrik sahakari bank ltd with regard to garnering fresh ...

the global rating agency standard and poor s today said the factors constraining the asset quality of banks in asia pacific ...

the state bank of india (sbi) is investing in property in singapore, ensuring higher grade housing requirements for its ...

kotak mahindra bank (kmb), signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with the indian navy for offering salary2wealth account to ...

dcb bank has tied up with credit sudhaar, a credit health improvement company to offer dcb payless card to customers. the dcb ...

the provision given to life insurance corporation of india (lic) to invest up to 30% in a company by finance ministry, still ...

the urban housing fund that finance minister p chidambaram announced in the budget is expected to start functioning in a month. ...

there is a need to design credible fiscal consolidation plans and coordination strategies to ensure an appropriate ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has estimated the prioritised resource requirement for critical ...

being optimistic, strategists at deutsche bank expect the reforms momentum started in september 12 to continue. they expect ...

state bank of mysore has cut the base rate by 10 basis points and the benchmark prime lending rate by 25 bps with immediate ...

chidambaram expressed confidence the government would get the support of the bharatiya janata party for the passage of the ...

asks sebi to amend securities contracts regulation rules before participation of companies as proprietary trading members in ...

haldia petrochemicals ltd (hpl), eastern india s biggest petrochemicals company, has received a fresh loan of rs 116 crore from ...

ubs ag cut roughly a third of its americas investment banking and capital markets group this week, including 35 senior managing ...

mumbai-based public sector lender dena bank is planning to expand its medical equipment finance business aggressively as lending ...

bangalore-based public sector lender vijaya bank has opened its 10th micro, small and medium enterprises (msme) cell at ...

three state-run lenders have raised their retail term deposit rates by 25-125 basis points. united bank of india increased ...

united bank of india today said it has increased interest rates on domestic term deposits below rs 5 crore by at least 25 basis ...

mangalore-based public sector lender corporation bank on friday launched three new schemes bumper car carnival, current account ...

in order to check frauds, the rbi has asked banks to impose monetary limit for international transactions on credit and debit ...

mangalore-based private sector lender karnataka bank has raised its interest rate on deposits by 25 basis points on all fresh ...

projected fiscal consolidation might result in some short-term growth sacrifice, but will provide monetary policy more headroom ...

significant attention was paid to infrastructure sector especially by announcement of industrial corridors, roads, green energy ...

containment of fiscal deficit to gdp ratio at 5.2% in fy13 and 4.8% in fy14 are testimony to govt s commitment to fiscal ...

with an aim to increase insurance sector s penetration, the government today said banks can act as brokers to sell policies and ...

the reserve bank today welcomed the general budget, saying it has laid the foundation for lowering fiscal and current account ...

finance minister p chidambaram has set aside rs 14,000 crore for the recapitalisation of the public sector banks (psbs) in the ...

when it comes to usage of words in the budget speech, terms like women, youth and investors grew in count from the last year ...

banks to be permitted to act as insurance brokers to increase insurance penetration was one of the key reform by the finance ...

the government today said it will infuse rs 14,000 crore in public sector banks next fiscal to ensure that they meet the global ...

the country is all set to get an all-women bank by this year with the government announcing an initial capital of rs 1,000 crore ...

finance minister p chidambaram today announced a sharp increase of rs 1.25 lakh crore in agriculture credit target to rs 7 lakh ...

year 2012 saw private equity (pe) players increase their fund flow to the $225-billion indian logistics sector.pe investments ...

during april 2012 to january this year, the fall in life insurance corporation of india (lic) s new business premiums, compared ...

are we in the middle of a bull run for mergers if you read the front pages of many newspapers, you d think so. the articles are ...

standard chartered plc, the uk bank that earns most of its profit in asia, is in talks to acquire the indian wealth management ...

at a time when the central bank is indicating softer interest rate bias, state bank of india the country s largest lender has ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) and the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) are, once again, ...

demand for funds decreases on overall slowdown in growth and investment, besides softer rates observers say more liquid ...

after providing a guarantee for its first pilot transaction last month, india infrastructure finance company ltd (iifcl) hopes to ...

japan has formally approached the finance ministry and the banking regulator, seeking relaxation in the guidelines for its banks ...

a us federal judge on monday ordered rajat gupta, the former goldman sachs director, to pay the bank more than $6.2 million to ...

with fund flow from banks to the non-banking finance companies drying up, the later has requested the banking regulator to create ...

at the time when overall credit and deposit seems to missing the projected level by reserve bank of india (rbi) it has been ...

public sector lender, andhra bank, is revising the benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) downwards by 25 basis points (bps) from ...

prospective banking entrants are likely to face human resource challenges in implementing the reserve bank of india s (rbi) ...

the chennai-based rs 60,000 crore diversified shriram group, has said it would like to set up a new bank, instead of converting ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today directed ailing pune-based rupee co-operative bank not to allow depositors to withdraw more ...

chennai-based murugappa group said it was interested in applying for a banking licence. but, it will examine the guidelines of ...

sbi, on the new banks being allowed, said, it would not impact them as much as its market share currently was about 17% in the ...

the reserve bank may not issue more than five new bank licences as the central bank wants to be very selective initially, ...

a state bank of india-led lender group is in talks with kolkata-based electrosteel steels ltd (esl) for reworking the payment ...

financial sector analysts have termed new banking guidelines as a balanced and pragmatic approach on the rbi s part, as it ...

public-sector bank of baroda is keen to bring down the share of wholesale advances to 40% from the present 45%, to achieve a ...

the microfinance institutions network (mfin) has hinted at challenging the recent andhra high court order upholding the legality ...

more than a dozen corporates, including big names such as aditya birla group, m m, l t, as well as state-owned pfc, lic ...

life insurers, however, feel irda should have curbed mis-selling in this segment, rather than ban such products.industry sources ...

mumbai based public sector lender dena bank has decided to push medical equipment finance and planning to increase the size of ...

the move to issue new bank licences is intended to increase competition and bring fresh capital to an industry dominated by state ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on friday said it could allow corporate groups, non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) and ...

non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) are seen as key contenders to receive the regulator s green signal to foray in the banking ...

kerala-based private sector lender catholic syrian bank (csb) today announced it would launch a rights issue to infuse fresh ...

the european union s antitrust regulator has widened its investigation of suspected unfair fixing of lending benchmarks such as ...

sales growth of large-sized listed public sector companies had moderated in 2011-12 and this was steeper in services than in the ...

the european commission wants to conclude its probe into the fixing of lending benchmarks euribor and libor this year and has ...

while non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) are seen as one of the key contenders to receive the banking regulator s green ...

m m, reliance capital and players in the financial services space today welcomed reserve bank s guidelines for issuing ...

the chennai-based $4.4 billion murugappa group, which was one of the business conglomerates shown interest for banking licence, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it will allow corporate groups, non-banking finance companies and public sector ...

about rs 2,481.40 crore was lying as unclaimed deposits in over 1.12 crore bank accounts till december, 2011 as per information ...

it s a comeback any professional would dream of. less than two years after he was demoted to managing director of life ...

lack of corporate governance, a time-consuming legal process and companies unwillingness to redeem foreign currency ...

rating agency crisil today said indian banks would need to raise rs 2.7 lakh crore by march 2018 to meet the tier-i capital ...

rating agency crisil today said that indian banks will need to raise rs 2.7 lakh crore by march 2018 to meet tier-i capital ...

the ahmedabad-based social venture fund has been accorded registration by sebi under sebi alternative investment fund (aif) ...

was demoted to managing director of life insurance corporation following charges of financial irregularities something that ...

life remained normal today in west bengal on the second day of nationwide strike called by central trade unions, though banking ...

banking and postal services continued to be affected while shops remained open and transport services plied normally in tamil ...

public transport in most cities across the country, banks and financial institutions remained closed on the second day of two-day ...

public sector companies that have raised funds through tax-free bonds in the recent past are planning to issue another tranche of ...

as of february 8, bank credit had increased 16.36 per cent year-on-year. for this financial year, the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

though the microfinance sector is well past the crisis of 2010, private equity (pe) firms are still cautious on investing in the ...

higher usage of credit and debit cards added $1.5 billion to india s gdp, according to a study conducted for visa by moody s ...

bangalore-based pilani soft labs, which runs online bus ticket booking portal redbus.in, is looking at raising $20 million ...

indian overseas bank (iob) is looking at raising around rs 1,000 crore through issue of equity shares to the government of india ...

the department of disinvestment (dod), which is the nodal department for carrying out psu stake sale, will finalise the cabinet ...

normal banking operations were hit today as employees of public sector banks went on a two-day strike in response to a call given ...

bank of america corp, the second-largest us lender, attracted record new assets last year to its unit servicing retirement and ...

for the first time since the microfinance institutions (mfis) in andhra pradesh (ap) plunged into a crisis following the ...

with falling interest rates, this may be your last chance to lock your savings in deposit-taking non-banking finance companies ...

the reserve bank of india on monday said there was limited scope for easing of monetary policy over the next few months, as there ...

former life insurance corporation of india (lic) chairman t s vijayan is likely to become the next chairman of the insurance ...

state bank of india (sbi) on monday said negotiations so far with kingfisher airlines (kfa) have not been fruitful, and till now ...

chaudhuri also said that increase in its non-performing assets (npa) was because it lends to sectors in the economy, which are ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has enabled indian insurers and reinsurers to help cover iran crude oil ...

the guidelines would pave the way for corporate houses to enter the banking sector. no new indian bank has been formed since yes ...

stating that banks efforts are now towards recovering full amount of loans from kingfisher and not reviving the airline, sbi ...

state bank of india (sbi) today said that increase in its non-performing assets (npa) was because it lend to the sector, which is ...

state bank of india (sbi) today said that so far negotiations with kingfisher airlines have not been fruitful and so far approach ...

net non-performing assets (npas) or bad loans of listed banks rose by 50% or around rs 30,840 crore in first nine months of ...

an expert committee constituted by the reserve bank of india to examine the functioning of the short term credit cooperative ...

despite the insurance regulator proposing risk charge for debt instrument across all rating grades, except state and central ...

denmark headquartered saxo bank, the online multi-asset trading and investment specialist, announced on monday its foray into the ...

the kisan credit card scheme (kcc) aims at providing adequate and timely support from the banking system to the farmers for their ...

normal banking operations may be hit as employees unions of public sector banks have decided to join the two-days strike call ...

state-owned central bank of india is expected to get rs 2,406 crore fund infusion through preferential issue of shares to the ...

bank loans to microfinance institutions (mfis) will not be considered priority sector lending if the mfis charge more than 26 per ...

making money is increasingly important for cambridge as uk cuts higher-education spendingsince its founding in 1350, trinity ...

peter breiter, 41, is an unusual banker. not for him the big bonuses, complicated financial instruments and multi-million ...

duvvuri subbarao, the head of reserve bank of india, said on saturday there is room for monetary easing but it is limited, and ...

most public sector banks (psbs) have seen their tier-i capital ratio slip at the end of the third quarter of this financial year, ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) is planning to raise about $75 million (rs 407 crore) from international finance ...

insurance companies are keen to offer fund(s) approved under the rajiv gandhi equity saving scheme (rgess) to potential ...

lehman brothers holdings inc is seeking court permission to question the jpmorgan chase co trader known as the london ...

tata capital growth fund, a private equity fund managed by tata capital, is planning to pick up stake in chennai-based star ...

state bank of india entered into tie-up with epc industrie ltd, part of mahindra group to finance farmers for micro irrigation ...

december quarter sees an increase in non-performing asset provisioning, constriction in net profit pressure expected to continue ...

at a time when the banking system is craving for loan demand, sbi saw a whopping rs 40,000 cr of fresh disbursement during the ...

the maturity period of gold deposits would range from six months to seven years, said an rbi circular. earlier, it was from three ...

ifc is planning to make an equity investment of rs 130 cr in ratnakar bank ltd through the preferential allotment route, sources ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said increased use of technologies such as internet and mobile phones had resulted in ...

market regulator the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) on thursday imposed a total penalty of rs 30.75 crore on 118 ...

securities and exchange board of india (sebi) today imposed a total penalty of rs 30.75 crore on 118 entities, including the ...

state bank of india today said it does not have any exposure to sahara group companies but have deposits of rs 700-800 crore from ...

for its investments in the indian real estate, blackstone seems to follow adage slow and steady wins the race quite ...

the chennai-based shriram group, a financial services conglomerate is in advanced talks with global private equity (pe) majors ...

with a thrust on financial inclusion, banks are focusing on expanding their reach in a cost-effective way. this has spawned the ...

ing groep nv, the biggest dutch financial services company, will shed 1,400 jobs in the netherlands and 1,000 in belgium after ...

power grid corporation of india is planning to raise rs 2,000-3,000 crore this week by way of private placement of bonds, said a ...

the government is likely to infuse additional capital of rs 20,000 crore in the public sector banks next financial year to meet ...

niit institute of finance, banking insurance training ltd. (ifbi), today announced the national banking entrance test ...

international finance corporation (ifc) is planning to make an equity investment of rs 130 crore in pe-backed ratnakar bank ltd, ...

the total investment corpus of life insurance corporation has touched rs 14.8 lakh crore (provisional) as on december 31, 2012. ...

royal bank of scotland (rbs) chairman philip hampton (pictured) has defended the bonus due to be paid to ceo stephen hester even ...

sks microfinance ltd has concluded two microfinance securitisation transactions aggregating rs 390 crore. this takes the total ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) s foreign exchange intervention activity declined sharply in december 2012, with net sales of ...

he government is unlikely to cancel any of its two remaining debt sales this fiscal as the government wants to keep open all of ...

state bank of india (sbi) in association with its general insurance arm, sbi general insurance, has provided personal accident ...

sks microfinance limited, the only publicly-listed microfinance institution in the country, has concluded two microfinance ...

il fs infrastructure leasing and financial services limited, which took over the reins of crisis-ridden maytas properties ...

state-owned united bank of india is likely to get rs 100 crore fund infusion through preferential issue of shares to the ...

widening mismatches in banks funding will continue to put pressure on systemic liquidity and keep interest rates elevated, said ...

though the improving credit behaviour of retail customers has comforted bankers, multiplicity of frauds in the consumer banking ...

finance minister p chidambaram on saturday launched the first infrastructure debt fund (idf) of the country. this idf is promoted ...

finance minister p chidambaram.today launched first infrastructure debt fund (idf) of the country. this idf is promoted jointly ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has said before issuing the final norms on fresh banking licences, it would arrive at a consensus ...

srei infrastructure finance, an indian lender to road and power projects, plans to sell shares of united spirits it got as ...

bankers have asked the reserve bank of india (rbi) to cut the statutory liquidity ratio (slr) limit if it also considers reducing ...

taking serious note of increasing instances of credit card frauds, the reserve of bank of india (rbi) said it would probe such ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today said that further changes would be made to the bancassurance ...

standard poor s ratings services (s p) today affirmed its bbb- long-term and a-3 short-term issuer credit ratings ...

idbi bank has reached a landmark of rs 1 lakh crore (total rs 1.08 lakh crore) in respect of central tax collection for the ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) will conduct a complete investigation into an issue over some letters being issued ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh), an associate bank of the state bank of india, has cut down its base rate by 5 basis points (bps) ...

insurance regulatory and development authority has said that it is not in favour of fund inflows into the insurance sector from ...

credit rating agency, india ratings, says that the widening mismatch in banks funding will continue to put pressure on ...

public sector lender bank of baroda (bob) plans to shed bulk deposits amounting to rs 18,000 crore by the end of march, to bring ...

manappuram finance limited (mfl) has registered a 48 per cent dip in net profit for the quarter ended december 31, 2012. the ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has proposed a lower solvency margin for insurers, at 145 per cent as ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it was in talks with the government to amend the relevant laws to ensure that persons ...

the rupee is expected to strengthen from current levels by end-march, amid foreign inflows into the country.the street expects ...

a multistate probe of alleged manipulation of interest rates threatens to leave banks liable for billions of dollars in estimated ...

the european central bank (ecb) will monitor the impact of a strengthening euro on the currency bloc s economy but said it was ...

assam chief minister tarun gogoi has asked rbi governor d subbarao to consider a system of incentives and disincentives for banks ...

the public sector lender bank of baroda (bob) plans to shed bulk deposits worth rs 18,000 crore by the end march to bring ...

the consolidation taking place in the indian e-commerce sector offers fresh hope for venture capital investors. investors have ...

ulip-related complaints accounted for 11,714 out of the total 309,613 complaints in the life insurance industry, according to the ...

the growing interconnection between banks and gold loan companies with respect to the former s exposure to the latter is a ...

bank loans grew 16.04 per cent in line with reserve bank of india (rbi) s projection for credit growth this year while deposits ...

using unhedged buyer s credit beyond working capital needs may hit the financial profile of finolex industries limited (fil). ...

britain s royal bank of scotland will pay us and british authorities $615 million and plead guilty to wire fraud in japan to ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has estimated the credit potential of tamil nadu at rs ...

state-owned corporation bank today reduced benchmark lending rate by 0.25% to 10.25%, making loans including home and corporate ...

banks need to start looking at inclusive markets as a growth opportunity rather than as a cost to business as they can build a ...

the rbi said it could limit gold imports by banks in extreme circumstances , as the world s biggest consumer of gold battles a ...

axis bank has deployed 500 cash deposit machines in various branches in over 300 cities across the country, said a press release ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on wednesday said that there is a need to improve the declining capital adequacy ratio of gold ...

the all india bank employees association (aibea) today said that around 10 lakh bank employees and officers working in banks in ...

ubs ag, switzerland s biggest bank, posted a fourth-quarter loss after booking a fine for trying to rig global interest rates ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc), india s largest mortgage lender, today reduced home loan rates by 10 basis ...

with the country likely to go for the general elections in early 2014, market participants expect the government to borrow more ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has said insurance companies should implement appropriate procedures to ...

over 50 million subscribers of retirement fund body employees provident fund organisation (epfo) might get 8.5 per cent ...

the premium collections of non-life insurers saw a growth of 19.1 per cent for the nine-month period ended december 31 and stood ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) feels a lot of work is needed to be done on financial literacy in the country. while a number ...

vijaya bank today cut its base rate by 0.25% to 10.20% with immediate effect.

kotak mahindra bank today said it has acquired business loan portfolio from barclays bank s india branch and barclays ...

higher provisions on the back of deteriorating asset quality continue to hurt profitability of city-based public sector ...

state owned bank of maharashtra (bom) today slashed benchmark lending rate by 0.25% to 10.25%, making loans including home and ...

the reserve bank of india has plugged a loophole that banks were using to buy low-coupon bonds by requiring them to invest ...

andhra pradesh grameena vikas bank (apgvb), the biggest regional rural bank in the state sponsored by state bank of india (sbi), ...

infrastructure development finance company (idfc) today said it would take legal action to protect its interests following a ...

owing to lower treasury gains, higher provisions for bad loans and a rise in interest costs, bank of baroda has reported a fall ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is likely to issue new guidelines for life insurance products on ...

concerned about the subdued growth in the insurance sector, finance minister p chidambaram on monday asked insurance companies to ...

british banks that fail to shield their day-to-day banking from risky investment activities will face being broken up, chancellor ...

citi india s suvidha salary account holders will need to maintain a monthly net relationship value of rs 1 ...

india ratings has revised the outlook on mumbai airport s project bank loans to stable from negative, following clarity on near ...

private sector axis bank today said it has alloted 58.37 lakh shares on preferential basis to promoters raising rs 811.4 crore.

punjab national bank (pnb) and us-based metlife today signed a deal wherein the state-run lender picked up 30% stake in ...

public sector indian bank today said it will cut its lending rate by 0.30% to 10.20% with effect from february 9, 2013.

india inc s reluctance to borrow money has allowed bankers to reduce the number of their weekly and monthly meetings. the ...

the game may soon be up for banks that have made themselves look healthier by understating how risky their businesses are, which ...

barclays plc s finance director chris lucas is to announce on monday that he plans to retire, people familiar with the matter ...

royal bank of scotland faces the prospect of scrapping all bonuses for its investment bankers this year to free up cash to pay ...

after witnessing a sharp rise in bad loans for 12 months the third quarter of may have been a turning point for banks as pace of ...

rbi s new draft guidelines for restructured loans are likely to hit earnings of banks by at least 3-8% over the next two years, ...

yes bank would on monday offer an explanation to the reserve bank of india (rbi) detailing the circumstances that led to a cyber ...

hsbc holdings plc s $7.4 billion sale of its stake in ping an insurance (group) co to thai billionaire dhanin chearavanont ...

central bank of india today announced a cut of 0.25 per cent in its base rate. we have scaled down our base rate from 10.50 ...

indian bank s net profit for the quarter ended december fell 37.1 per cent to rs 330.58 crore, compared with rs 525.92 crore in ...

yes bank will offer an explanation to the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday detailing the circumstances that led to a ...

the decision on increase in wages and pensions in public sector banks is more than a year away, but the reserve bank of india ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has said in the tussle between growth and inflation, the former has not been commensurate with ...

if the reserve bank of india s (rbi) draft norms on loan restructuring are finalised, public sector lenders that hold a ...

the export-import bank of the united states has sought powers from the reserve bank of india (rbi) for recovery under the ...

following the reserve bank of india (rbi) s decision to reduce the repo rate and cash reserve ratio, more public sector ...

infrastructure finance company idfc ltd has posted a 19.16 per cent growth in consolidated net profit at rs 454 crore in the ...

state bank of bikaner and jaipur (sbbj) on friday reported a 31.21 per cent rise in its net profit to rs 215.11 crore in the ...

karur vysya bank (kvb) net profit dropped 9.51 per cent during the third quarter-ended december 31, 2012 at rs 113.04 crore ...

mangalore-based public sector lender corporation bank on friday reported a 25 per cent drop in net profit at rs 303 crore for the ...

the reserve bank of india has issued final guidelines on disclosure of restructured advances by banks, effective fiscal 2012-13. ...

bank of baroda cut base rate and bplr by 25 basis points effective february 9, the bank said in a press release. following the ...

most state-run banks earnings are likely to remain under stress in the coming quarters following the reserve bank of india s ...

the reserve bank of india has proposed a steep rise in the provisioning requirement for loan restructuring to five per ...

the finance ministry has asked government banks to reduce the fixed deposit (fd) rate offered to senior citizens to reduce cost ...

with better returns offered by tax-free bonds and liquid mutual funds, state bank of india (sbi) has witnessed a flight of ...

rajiv takru, set to take charge as secretary, department of financial services, under the finance ministry, from tomorrow, would ...

india ratings said major nbfcs robust pre-provisioning profits (gross profits) provides a strong cushion against rising ...

to discourage the use of cheques, a discussion paper by the reserve bank of india (rbi) suggested today that banks charge for ...

following the cut in repo and cash reserve ratio (crr) by the reserve bank of india (rbi), two more large public sector lenders ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has prepared a comprehensive financial literacy guide to help in creating financial awareness and ...

union bank of india posted a 53.81 per cent year-on-year growth in net profit for the third quarter at rs 303 crore on lower base ...

allahabad bank on thursday said its net profit for the third quarter fell 44.5 per cent from a year earlier to rs 310.83 crore on ...

deutsche bank plunged to a euro 2.6-billion ($3.5 billion) quarterly loss after it took charges aimed at drawing a line under a ...

oriental bank of commerce on thursday raised the deposit rates by up to 2.25 per cent for fds of short-term maturities. the rate ...

the beleaguered mining sector in odisha which is facing a series of allegations mostly over illegal ore excavation and transport, ...

nhai approved a 74 per cent equity takeover by idfc in the delhi-gurgaon expressway project. current concessionaire dsc ltd will ...

indian overseas bank (iob) reported a 7.60 per cent growth in net profit during the third quarter ended december 2012 at rs ...

icici bank, india s largest private sector lender, on thursday said its consolidated net profit for the quarter ended ...

on the bank s results, chairman and managing director k r kamath said the increase in net profit was due to a fall in ...

state bank of hyderabad reported an increase of 6.8 per cent in net profit to rs 321.72 crore for the quarter ended december 31, ...

dhanlaxmi bank on thursday reported a net profit of rs 4.39 crore for the third quarter ended december, 2012. it had reported a ...

despite the proposed stricter rbi guidelines for the sector, major non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) have a stable rating ...

the rbi s move to allow standalone primary dealers (pds) to obtain funding and invest more in corporate bond markets is expected ...

with better returns offered by tax free bonds and liquid mutual funds, state bank of india has witnessed flight of deposits of ...

amid a debate on whether or not industrial houses should be allowed in the banking space, finance minister p chidambaram has said ...

concerned about their investments in infrastructure companies, private equity (pe) fund managers are having sleepless nights. in ...

kerala seems to be pulling all stops to foster entrepreneurship. startup village, a telecom incubator in kochi formed last year ...

central bank of india posted a 59.29 per cent rise in net profit at rs 180 crore for the third quarter ended december 2012 on ...

indian overseas bank (iob) has reported a 7.60 per cent growth in net profit during the third quarter ended december 2012 at rs ...

the second debt restructuring of state electricity boards (sebs) will have lower provisioning, which will be beneficial for ...

the infrastructure debt fund (idf) backed by il fs financial services and life insurance corp of india (lic) is planning to ...

a day after the reserve bank of india (rbi) lowered the key policy rate and cut cash reserve ratio by 25 bps each, banks took the ...

indusind bank appears confident that the reserve bank of india (rbi) will allow promoters to retain up to 15 per cent stake in ...

a day after reserve bank of india (rbi) lowered the key policy rate and cut cash reserve ratio by 25 bps each, banks have taken ...

taking cue from cut in repo rate and cash reserve ratio by 25 basis points each, state bank of india today reduced its base rate, ...

looking to expand its business and grow its financial metrics going forward, new-generation private sector banking major yes bank ...

the rbi will base rate cut decisions on the current account position in addition to inflation, governor duvvuri subbarao said on ...

export-import bank of india (exim bank) has extended a line of credit (loc) of $22.5 million to the government of burkina ...

old generation private bank, federal bank has cut the interest rate on car loans to 10.45% and set up a national auto loan hub, ...

the new business premium collections of life insurers was down by 3.8 per cent in the period from april 1 to december 31, 2012, ...

idbi bank becomes the first bank to cut lending and deposit rates by 25 basis points each after reserve bank of india ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has slashed the repo rate by 25 bps to 7.75%. the reverse repo rate will also be adjusted to ...

the rupee strengthened to its highest level in a week on tuesday after the rbi cut interest rates as well as banks cash ...

borrowers could see better days ahead as banks are expected to cut lending rates following the rbi s decision to cut ...

noting that there has been a drop in credit to the industry so far this fiscal, the reserve bank today prodded banks to ...

reserve bank s decision to cut interest rates will stimulate investment and help in anchoring inflationary expectations, ...

the reserve bank of india lowered its key policy rate as expected for the first time in nine months to support an economy ...

the 25 basis points cut in cash reserve ratio by the reserve bank of india in the third quarter review of the monetary ...

with inflation falling to levels lower than expected by the reserve bank of india (rbi) and economic growth expected to slow ...

liquidity, already tight, might get tighter due to the rise in the gap between credit and deposit growth, the reserve bank of ...

the rupee fell against the dollar today, amid demand from oil importers and uncertainties in the market ahead of the reserve bank ...

the economy is likely to grow by 5.5 per cent this financial year, according to the reserve bank of india s (rbi) survey of ...

icici bank ltd and axis bank ltd, the country s largest and third largest private lenders, have raised deposit rates by ...

bank of india (boi) posted a 12.15 per cent growth in its net profit at rs 803 crore in the third quarter ended december 2012 on ...

axis bank, india s third largest private sector lender, has launched its $1-billion share issue last evening. the issue was ...

bangalore-based public sector lender state bank of mysore (sbm) has reported a close to 40 per cent rise in net profit at rs 155 ...

aided by a healthy loan growth of 17 per cent, state bank of travancore (sbt), an associate bank of state bank of india (sbi), ...

ing vysya bank on monday said its net profit for the quarter ended december 31, 2012, increased by 36 per cent from a year ago to ...

a proposal by axis bank to increase the number of employee stock options (esop) in line with the increase in its capital ...

axis bank, the third-largest private sector lender in the country, plans to raise rs 5,546 crore or over $1 billion by ...

sundaram finance ltd today reported a 25% increase in its net profit to rs 113.65 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, ...

royal sundaram alliance insurance company limited has launched its commercial vehicle insurance on the online platform, the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is expected to reward the government this week for its efforts to reform the economy and bring ...

indusind bank appears confident that the reserve bank of india (rbi) will allow promoters to retain up to 15% stake in private ...

just three analysts expect the rbi to hold interest rates steady at its policy review on tuesday, going against the overwhelming ...

the interest earned on your savings bank deposits is likely to be credited to your account every month, against the current ...

italian bank monte dei paschi di siena is seeking a financial investor to help revive the ailing lender and will remove a current ...

bank of canada governor mark carney said central banks have room to ease monetary policy further if needed and can be flexible in ...

south-based lakshmi vilas bank expects to close the fiscal with a gross npa of less than 3% against the 4.5% levels observed ...

bangalore-based lender canara bank on saturday announced the launch of its new e-lounge facility in the city. the e-lounge is one ...

citibank has introduced a referral programme for its customers in india, offering cash rewards of up to rs 75,000 if a customer ...

as treaty renewals begin from april, reinsurance rates for insurers are set to decline. reinsurers and reinsurance brokers said ...

edelweiss financial services on friday reported a consolidated net profit of rs 46 crore in the third quarter, a 56 per cent ...

state-owned oriental bank of commerce (obc) on friday posted 7.8 per cent decline in net profit to rs 326.40 crore for the ...

shriram transport finance, part of the shriram group, has reported 19.43 per cent growth in its consolidated net profit to rs ...

icra ltd on friday said its net profit for the december quarter declined 32 per cent to rs 10.52 crore from rs 15.51 crore a year ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is expected to reward the government next week for its efforts to reform the economy and bring ...

the final guidelines for new banking licences could take a while, contrary to expectations that the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

medical services were affected as over 4,000 resident doctors in medical colleges across maharashtra abstained from work on ...

andhra bank reported a decline of 15.2 per cent in net profit to rs 257 crore for the quarter ended december 2012, as compared ...

exide industries ltd s decision to buy out the partner stake in its insurance joint venture ing vysya life insurance co ...

a majority of clients surveyed by royal bank of scotland said they expected the reserve bank of india to cut key policy rates by ...

sks microfinance limited reported a net profit of rs 1.2 crore in the quarter ended december 2012, reversing the trend of seven ...

global fund managers are bullish on domestic equities, with 75 per cent of them holding an overweight view in the ...

indian companies raised about $1.15 billion from foreign markets in december, lower than the $1.35 billion raised in the previous ...

central cooperative banks (ccbs) should strive to have at least 70 per cent of their loan portfolio for agriculture, a reserve ...

the reserve bank of india on thursday revised the definition of wholesale (bulk) deposits for payment of differential interest ...

the reserve bank on thursday asked banks to issue bonds to retail investors, as to deepen the corporate debt market. with ...

to attract foreign funds into the bond market, the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday raised the ceiling for foreign ...

citibank has introduced a referral programme for its customers in india. under this programme, a citibank customer is eligible ...

more than a dozen banks reported an over 100% increase in their net non-performing assets (npas) in 2011-12 and the situation may ...

barclays, a leading financial services giant, is planning to move hundreds of back-office jobs to india as part of cost-cutting ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has allowed exporters to access the foreign exchange market without having to first exhaust the ...

the private sector lender s total income for the quarter went up by 19 per cent to rs 1,051 crore, compared to rs 883 crore ...

syndicate bank reported a 50.39 per cent jump in net profit to rs 508.49 crore for the third quarter, up rs 338.12 crore from the ...

the reserve bank of india might revise its projected credit growth target of 16 per cent for the financial year. its data shows ...

air india might have to rely solely on boeing for compensation for the loss caused due to its 787 dreamliners being grounded, as ...

exide industries ltd, india s largest producer of automotive and industrial batteries, which holds 50 per cent of the ...

sequoia india, among the top private equity (pe) and venture capital funds, is looking to invest about $25 million (rs 135 crore) ...

the international monetary fund cut its global growth forecasts and now projects a second year of contraction in the euro region ...

india inc is set to witness a fierce battle for acquiring a controlling stake in tyre maker alliance tire group, as private ...

the chances of any big corporate house getting new banking licence in the first round of the process, set to begin with the ...

bani banerjee, who quit as executive director and chief investment officer of the chatterjee group real estate in mid-2012, after ...

chief executives of leading corporate houses, led by bajaj auto chairman rahul bajaj, have come out in favour of granting banking ...

in a bid to improve performance in asset quality and margins, allahabad bank will sell rs 540 crore worth of non-performing ...

private equity (pe) firm cx partners proposal to invest rs 500 crore in security and intelligence services (india) ltd (sis), ...

exide industries ltd (eil), india s largest producer of automotive and industrial batteries, which holds 50% of the equity ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has allowed exporters to access the foreign exchange market without having to first exhaust funds ...

in a move to protect borrowers from interest rate fluctuations and reduce the burden of equated monthly instalments (emis), a ...

euro-area finance ministers blessed the next disbursement of emergency aid for greece, highlighting the goodwill that led to the ...

maintaining its stable outlook on the indian banking sector, india ratings today said the pressure on the asset quality of banks ...

the indian overseas bank (iob) is planning major global expansion. speaking at a customer meet in dubai, m narendra, cmd of the ...

indiabulls financial services, a non-banking finance company (nbfc), reported a 31 per cent rise in net profit at rs 327 crore ...

a day after global ratings agency moody s gave a negative outlook to the indian banking system, state bank of india (sbi), ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s biggest lender admitted it was facing slippages in steel and mining sectors where it has ...

bank of maharashtra on tuesday reported a 43 per cent jump in net profit at rs 194.06 crore for the third quarter ended december ...

kotak mahindra bank on tuesday said its consolidated net profit for the quarter ended december 31 rose 25 per cent from a year ...

easing of burden from accumulation of bad loans and provisions for it may indeed be music to ears of bank chiefs, especially of ...

in a move to protect borrowers from interest rate fluctuations and reduce the burden of equated monthly installments, a reserve ...

a day after global ratings agency moody s gave a negative outlook to the indian banking system on concerns over asset quality and ...

allahabad bank is in the process of selling rs 540 crore worth of non-performing assets (npas) to the assets reconstruction ...

pitching for a cut in interest rates and cash reserve ratio by the reserve bank, sbi chairman pratip chaudhuri today said the ...

idbi bank plans to raise equity capital by issuing shares to institutional investors, including life insurance corporation of ...

housing development and finance co (hdfc), the largest mortgage financier of the country, reported a 16 per cent rise in net ...

standard poor s on monday said indian banks could face a $3-4 billion (rs 16,185-21,600 crore) capital shortfall in ...

manipal global education services (mage) and federal bank on monday announced the launch of federal manipal school of banking at ...

the uk s financial industry will lose 43,000 jobs in six months, according to a forecast from the confederation of british ...

standard poor s today said indian banks may face a $ 3-4 billion capital shortfall to maintain common equity tier i ...

idbi bank plans to raise equity capital by issuing shares to institutional investors including life insurance corporation of ...

working out of a tiny rented room furnished with a wooden table, small biometric authentication machine and shelf stacked with ...

l t finance is in advanced stages of negotiations to buy morgan stanley s wealth management business in india. the ...

banks on saturday stepped up pressure on beleaguered kingfisher airlines (kfa), stating it needed to have a capital of at least ...

health insurance is likely to become the largest sub-segment of general insurance in the next seven to eight years, overtaking ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), has posted about 17 per cent year-on-year (y-o-y) growth in credit ...

the banking system has recently shown signs of moderate rise in instability due to increase in non-performing assets (npas), the ...

unlike the views held by two of its peers standard poor s and fitch moody s investors service ...

the state bank of india (sbi) board has approved a capital infusion of rs 3,004 crore by the government through preferential ...

global impact investors rockefeller foundation and omidyar network have come together with dasra, a strategic philanthropy ...

hdfc bank, india s second-largest private sector lender, on friday said its net profit for the quarter ended december rose ...

today s meeting between kingfisher airlines officials and its core group of lenders failed to yield any result, as the troubled ...

national insurance company (nic) may soon increase the cost of health insurance premium to offset losses, company cources said. ...

idbi bank posted a 1.7 per cent rise in net profit at rs 417 crore in the third quarter ended december 2012. this is due to rise ...

manipal global education services and federal bank today announced the launch of federal manipal school of banking at the manipal ...

the business (deposits plus loans) has grown by 27% year on year in last two years. the compounded annual growth for loans in ...

hdfc bank, the second largest private sector lender, today said its net profit for the quarter ended december 31, 2012 increased ...

indian railway finance corporation (irfc), the funding arm of the railway ministry, on thursday said it might raise rs 1,500 ...

the sharp growth seen in retail credit during the festive season is expected to continue in the january-march quarter as banks ...

citigroup inc, the third-biggest us bank by assets, reported a profit increase that was less than analysts estimated as ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) s move to introduce a dollar-rupee swap facility to support banks incremental ...

yashwant sinha, chairman of the parliamentary standing committee on finance and senior bharatiya janata party (bjp) leader on ...

bank of america, the second-largest us bank by assets, fell 3.6 per cent to $11.36 at 11 56 am in new york in the standard ...

slow growth in deposits poses a threat to lending rate cut plans of banks, according to indranil sen gupta, chief economist of ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, and its associates plan to set up by-invitation-only ...

deutsche bank research sees sensex touching 22,500 by december 2013. the india equity strategy 2013 outlook ...

shriram transport finance plans to raise about rs 1,000 crore through a public issue (debt issuance). the non-banking financial ...

a frustratingly slow economic recovery in developed nations is holding back the global economy, the world bank said on tuesday, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has differed with the international monetary fund (imf) s observation that there are some ...

with initial public offerings (ipos) few and far between last year, private equity (pe) investors relied on deals in the open ...

the finance ministry intends to move the cabinet in two or three weeks with a proposal for a holding company to enable public ...

private equity (pe) investors with large exposure in the gold loan business in india can heave a sigh of relief, as the share ...

the euphoria over bonds turned out to be short-lived, with the reserve bank of india (rbi) deciding not to drop its guard against ...

darby overseas investments, the private equity (pe) arm of franklin templeton investments, is gearing for two important exits. ...

a day after telling management students here that inflation in the country remained high, reserve bank of india governor d ...

axis bank ltd has picked jpmorgan chase co and citigroup inc for a share sale to raise up to $1 billion, sources with ...

riding on robust growth in fee income, yes bank reported a 34.7 per cent year-on-year (y-o-y) rise in net profit at rs 342 crore ...

a reserve bank of india (rbi) panel on wednesday recommended the 26-digit international bank account number (iban) format be used ...

the finance ministry has requested the reserve bank to relax capital adequacy norms for banks in line with the recommendations ...

mid-sized indian private sector lender yes bank is interested in acquiring royal bank of scotland group plc s (rbs) india retail ...

india needs to improve its financial system supervision and crisis preparedness while at the same time liberalising some sectors ...

axis bank, india s third largest private lender, said on tuesday its net profit for the quarter ended december 31, 2012 ...

the uncertainty surrounding the revival of grounded kingfisher airlines ltd appears to have persuaded a few banks to reduce their ...

dena bank s newly-appointed head ashwani kumar on tuesday said investors should not look forward to any negative surprises ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has constituted four working groups to standardise products offered by ...

insurance regulatory and development authority s (irda) proposal on standardisation in health insurance would lead to ...

they did so at a meeting between reserve bank of india (rbi) seniors and heads of banks in a pre-review consultation. all the rbi ...

fitch ratings agency issued a strong warning to the us today to deal with its recurrent debt-ceiling dramas in a way which ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has constituted working groups for the standardisation of products ...

the bankers have urged the rbi to reduce interest rates by 50 bps at least. even the crr should come down by 25-50 ...

axis bank, launches axis bank e- gift card , which offers customers an alternate channel through which they can buy ...

private sector yes bank is in talks with royal bank of scotland (rbs) for acquisition of the retail and commercial assets of ...

private lender yes bank has initiated talks with royal bank of scotland (rbs) to acquire the latter s retail assets in ...

gold loan non-banking finance company (nbfc) muthoot finance reported marginal growth in net profit of rs 270 crore for the ...

urjit patel, 49, on monday took charge as deputy governor of the reserve bank of india (rbi). patel has been offered a three-year ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) has given its go-ahead to a proposed rights issue of non-banking finance ...

goldman sachs group inc is considering whether to delay delivery of some bonuses due from prior years for uk employees until ...

after posting their worst returns since 1999, us government-backed mortgage bonds are starting 2013 with losses on speculation ...

india and two of its neighbours, pakistan and sri lanka, are expected to stand out with higher fiscal deficit levels in 2013 ...

banks will ask the reserve bank of india to allow them to pay interest on current account deposits at tomorrow s meeting, ...

xto enhance flow of credit to the export sector, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has introduced a dollar-rupee swap facility to ...

p chidambaram s populist debt waiver to farmers in the 2008 budget has returned to haunt him in his second term as finance ...

banks will ask reserve bank of india to allow them to pay interest on current account deposits in the pre-policy meeting ...

the government auditor cag has found irregularities in disbursement of funds under the rs 52,000-crore farm debt waiver scheme, ...

jpmorgan chase co s board will consider releasing an internal report this week that faults chief executive officer ...

bank of baroda (bob), which enjoys a healthy net interest margin (nim), could see pressure building up on its profitability, due ...

the street is not expecting much movement in government bond yields this week. the trigger will be the wholesale price index ...

goldman sachs group inc s private- wealth-management unit expects hedge funds to return an average of four per cent to five per ...

state bank of india (sbi), icici bank and financial technologies were among those that signed memorandum of understanding (mous) ...

american international group (aig) has filed a lawsuit against a vehicle created by the federal reserve bank of new york to help ...

a group of multinational insurers today made a strong pitch for raising the foreign direct investment (fdi) limit in the ...

the share of the financial sector, primarily banks and non-banking finance companies (nbfcs), in total fund raising though ...

to help select public sector banks strengthen their capital base and comply with basel-iii norms, the government decided to ...

in order to make health insurance more customer-friendly, the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) is confident of recovering its entire due from beleaguered kingfisher airlines by the end of this ...

around 10 public sector banks (psbs) will get a total capital infusion of rs 12,517 crore from the government before this ...

morgan stanley plans to slash 1,600 jobs in what may be just the beginning of a new round of layoffs at large investment banks, ...

facing anger from congress and the american people, aig inc said on wednesday it would not sue the us government over terms of ...

banks credit growth showed a sharp rise at the end of december, with loans worth rs 65,000 crore disbursed in last fortnight, ...

to tap the indian diaspora, public sector general insurers are considering expanding their operations to other countries in the ...

after witnessing a sharp rise in rating downgrades through 2011 and 2012 due to stressed balance sheets, the fortunes of indian ...

the european central bank held interest rates at a record low of 0.75 per cent on thursday, refraining from a cut following ...

the burman family, promoters of dabur india, has bought a strategic stake in dmi finance ltd, a delhi-based non-banking finance ...

the muthoot pappachan group on thursday announced its entry into the housing finance segment in kerala targeting the lower middle ...

the private equity industry, despite the challenges of 2012, is hoping that the new year will be more positive. according to new ...

lawmakers won t cave in to pressure to scrap a plan to ban bankers from getting bonuses worth more than double their ...

to enhance the risk management system of banks, reserve bank of india (rbi) has proposed tweaking the norms for capital adequacy, ...

icici bank has raised sgd 225 million (singapore dollars) from a seven-year bond sale programme through its dubai branch at a ...

the government is considering bringing the tax treatment for debt mutual funds in line with those for equity schemes. in ...

indusind bank posted a 30 per cent rise in net profit at rs 267 crore in the third quarter ended december, on robust growth in ...

through its singapore branch, icici bank raised sg$ 225 million on wednesday by issuing regulation s bonds with a seven-year ...

state-run insurer life insurance corporation (lic) has raised its stake in infosys to 7.24 per cent, raising its holding in the ...

indian lenders sold the most bonds in almost four years last month to meet tighter capital rules, and the nation s leading ...

indusind bank has sold its exposure (loan worth rs100 crore) in financially ailing deccan chronicle holdings ltd (dchl) to ...

israel picked goldman sachs group inc, barclays plc and citigroup inc before government officials meet potential investors in ...

wesley wang, a former analyst for sac capital advisors lp s sigma capital unit, gave federal agents the names of about 20 ...

grameen financial services (grameen koota), the bangalore-based micro-finance institution is understood to be in advanced ...

india inc s sales growth slowed in the first half of the current financial year, the reserve bank of india (rbi) said on ...

south india attracted the most number of private equity (pe) investments (162 deals worth $2.46 billion, or rs13,470 crore) in ...

chennai-based shriram group is preparing a road map to raise about $200 million through the private equity (pe) route to seed ...

global ratings agency fitch has warned that china s investment-driven growth model faces increasingly serious ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has fixed the rate of depreciation of painting on motor parts at 50 per ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today included vehicle paint under the purview of depreciable part and ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is considering a proposal to bring down the held-to-maturity limit in debt for banks in a ...

indusind bank reported a 30% increase in net profit at rs 267 crore for the quarter ended december 2012. it was rs 206 crore in ...

yes bank has launched an online remittance platform for non resident indians, called yes remit . the service will cater to nris ...

banks said granting loans to iits is a priority. iits are top institutions and, hence, loans for students taking ...

the rupee, under pressure during the last three trading days, appreciated against the dollar on tuesday on the back of custodian ...

banks expect deposit growth to pick up if the lock-in period for tax-saving fixed deposit (fd) schemes is brought down to three ...

amid controversy over the alleged violation of foreign direct investment rules at future generali life insurance, deepak sood has ...

the government s liberalising of its foreign direct investment (fdi) regime and steps to control the fiscal deficit do not ...

the bank of japan will consider easing monetary policy again this month as it eyes doubling its inflation target, sources say, as ...

the japanese government and the bank of japan are discussing a policy accord aimed at achieving stable employment conditions, the ...

british chancellor george osborne urged european union policymakers on tuesday to seriously consider adopting proposals to ...

non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) have objected to the more stringent provisioning norms proposed for them by the reserve ...

gold loan non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) are implementing core banking solutions (cbs) in their branches to keep a check ...

banks have won a victory in their battle to dilute tough rules on liquidity, but they will still have to find trillions of ...

fresh from paying back a $182 billion bailout, the american international group has been running a nationwide advertising ...

a new jersey client of hsbc holdings plc pleaded guilty to charges that he hid as much as $4.7 million through swiss and indian ...

non-banking finance companies (nbfc) have objected the stringent provisioning norms that were proposed by the reserve bank of ...

brokerage bank of america merrill lynch today turned positive on state-run banks, including sbi, on expectation of a rate cut by ...

global central bank chiefs gave lenders four more years to meet international liquidity requirements and watered down the ...

bank of america on monday announced roughly $11.6 billion of settlements with mortgage finance company fannie mae and a $1.8 ...

ten of the largest us mortgage servicers will pay a combined $8.5 billion under an agreement that will end case-by-case reviews ...

the country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) on monday said the government would infuse rs 3,000 crore to it ...

during their pre-budget consultations with finance minister p chidambaram today, bankers said they be allowed to issue tax free ...

financial institutions, led by life insurance corporation, have declined to participate in the open offer made by glaxosmithkline ...

the investment limit for obtaining a bank licence should be pegged at rs 1,000 crore with the stipulation that promoter should ...

kingfisher lenders will soon decide on future course of action with regard to the grounded airline as they do not want the ...

the proposal by the reserve bank of india (rbi) to increase the loan to value (ltv) ratio to 75 per cent from the present 60 per ...

hit by sharp slump in business, karaikal port pvt ltd (kppl), a unit of chennai-based realty and infrastructure group marg, is ...

exim bank of india has raised $750 million through 10-year bonds. the coupon (interest rate) for the bond is four per cent. the ...

the group, to be headed by senior rbi official suma varma, will take into account recommendations of the damodaran committee on ...

nabard has sanctioned a financial support of rs 29.87 crore to tamil nadu as a loan under its rural infrastructure development ...

with easing liquidity and expectation of repo rate cut by the reserve bank of india (rbi) later this month, the cost of borrowing ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has permitted repo (repurchase agreements) in corporate debt on commercial papers (cps), ...

the bombay high court on monday said the insurance regulation and development authority (irda) can go ahead with the process of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday said it would issue the final guidelines on new banking licences soon. we are ...

bihar government has decided to change its parameters to monitor the performance of the banks operating in the state. it has ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today relaxed external commercial borrowing (ecb) norms for infrastructure finance companies by ...

following the basel committee of banking supervision easing implementation of liquidity coverage ratio, the reserve bank of india ...

pune based electronic payments solution provider company electracard services (ecs) has announced accomplishment of a ...

in order to better the manage credit risk by the fund managers, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today allowed credit default ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) said on monday it has relaxed overseas borrowing limits for infrastructure finance companies, a ...

weeks ahead of its third quarter review of monetary policy, rbi today said it will look at current macroeconomic situation ...

bankers today demanded that lock-in period for tax saving deposits be brought down to three years from five years to channelise ...

icici prudential life insurance today announced the launch of a pension product icici pru shubh retirement. this unit-linked ...

state bank of india (sbi) today said it would raise about rs 3,000 crore through preference shares in the next 3 months but ruled ...

ahead of rbi s monetary policy review, sbi today expressed hope the apex bank will cut interest rates by 0.5% and crr by up to 1% ...

the proposal by the reserve bank of india (rbi) to increase the loan to value (ltv) ratio to 75% from the present 60% is likely ...

standard chartered bank today said it has received a licence from the central bank of myanmar to re-open its representative ...

six banks, including goldman sachs, citigroup and morgan stanley, had been shortlisted for the rs 13,000-crore offer-for-sale of ...

global investment banks are pinning hope on attractive financing markets for a revival of outbound acquisition by indian ...

the reserve bank should give preference to the non-corporate sector for new bank licences, prime minister s economic advisory ...

there is tightness in the liquidity. hence, deposit rates are staying firm. we will wait for signals from rbi on the ...

the us treasury department s inspector general has threatened to punish jpmorgan chase co for failing to turn over ...

former world bank economist percy mistry, who authored a widely acclaimed report on making mumbai an international ...

at least eleven investment banks are in the race for the mandate to handle the proposed offer for sale (ofs) by state-owned power ...

a meeting between the management of kingfisher airlines and lenders to the company on friday remained inconclusive. the core ...

kerala-based state bank of travancore (sbt) is planning to switch over to a fully-automated loan processing system by 2014. sbt ...

according to rbi, kanpur and delhi continued to receive the highest number of complaints followed by chennai and bhopal in ...

in a scenario where many tax-free bond issues are finding fewer takers compared to last year, housing and urban development ...

kolhapur-based ratnakar bank aims to strengthen its capital base over the next couple of months as the private lender prepares ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) chairman j hari narayan on friday said the declined risk pool, formed in ...

even as the reserve bank of india (rbi) has raised questions on the draft bancassurance norms, insurance regulatory and ...

barely a fortnight after the industrial finance corporation of india (ifci) became a state-owned company, its board looked set ...

in its impact evaluation study on microfinance major bandhan, the indian institute of management, ahmedabad (iim-a) has stated ...

canbank venture capital fund ltd, the wholly-owned subsidiary of canara bank, is set to deploy a major portion of the present ...

according to the rbi, kanpur and delhi continued to receive highest number of consumer complaints followed by chennai and bhopal ...

state bank of travancore (sbt) is planning to switch over to a fully-automated loan processing system by 2014. the reserve bank ...

in a scenario where many tax-free bond issues are finding fewer takers compared to last fiscal, housing and urban development ...

the government will soon send its comments to the reserve bank on issuing new bank licences, finance minister p chidambaram said ...

the government is likely to consider next week the proposal to infuse rs 12,000 crore into public sector banks, a senior official ...

the draft norms on lending against the yellow metal appear to have placated investors concerns, as shares of gold loan ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has defended its stance on investing in gold in a scenario where the current account deficit ...

nobel laureate economist joseph stiglitz has expressed discomfort at the idea of allowing corporate houses to own banks, saying ...

with a slew of amendments in the securitisation law and a rise in the cap on foreign direct investment (fdi) at the end of last ...

the draft bancassurance guidelines by the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda), which proposed that banks could ...

the department of financial services has appointed nodal banks for preparing financial restructuring plans to tackle the debt of ...

the european union (eu) is examining whether national banking regulators are hindering the free movement of capital after germany ...

gilt yields fell for the ninth consecutive trading session on thursday on expectations of a repo rate cut and easing inflation. ...

state bank of bikaner and jaipur (sbbj) is planning to sell non-performing assets (npas) worth rs 200 crore by march 31. ...

with the reserve bank of india (rbi) expected to release final guidelines for issuing banking licences soon, two of the ...

state bank of bikaner and jaipur (sbbj) is planning to sell non-performing assets (npas) worth rs 200 crore by march 31, 2013. ...

the draft norms on lending against the yellow metal appears to have placated investors concerns as shares of gold loan companies ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has defended its stance on investing in gold in a scenario where current account deficit (cad) is ...

goldman sachs group inc accelerated delivery of $65 million in stock awards to 10 executives, including chief executive officer ...

banks are set to record higher treasury gains for the quarter ended december, compared to profits booked in the quarter ended ...

it was not 2008 the year of the global financial crisis but 2012 that was the most challenging year ...

as large gold imports have been a cause of concern for the economy, a reserve bank of india (rbi) working group has suggested in ...

private sector lender indusind bank has missed the december 31 deadline to reduce promoter holding in the bank to 10 per cent, as ...

in a move to check the mushrooming of gold finance companies, a panel of the reserve bank of india has suggested various measures ...

the visakhapatnam division of life insurance corporation is expecting over 55 per cent growth in group insurance premium ...

as part of the financial inclusion drive, andhra pradesh grameena vikas bank (apgvb), a regional rural bank sponsored by state ...

the chief executive of india s yes bank denied it was looking to purchase a stake in jm financial after market talk drove ...

supratim sarkar, head of structured finance at sbi capital markets ltd, receives as many as three requests every week from ...

in a move to put a check to the mushrooming gold finance companies, which is seeing increasing number of customer complaints, a ...

the reserve bank is likely to meet the representatives of non-banking finance companies (nbfc) this month for consultation before ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic), the country s largest insurer, today launched two new plans, one on the pension side ...

renowned economist urjit patel s name has been cleared for appointment as the new deputy governor of the reserve bank of india ...

export-import bank of india (exim bank) has, extended a line of credit (loc) of $10 million (rs 55 crore)to the government of ...

dollar-denominated deposits maturing in one to two years will nor earn 2.84% as against 2.86%. two-three years deposit will earn ...

indian overseas bank s (iob) exposure of over rs 100 crore to the debt-ridden kingfisher airlines will turn a non-performing ...

the department of posts is likely to finalise plans for setting up a post bank of india soon, to provide full banking services ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao has taken charge of the monetary policy department following the completion of ...

year 2012 wasn t the best for indian insurers, bogged by several regulatory changes and slowing in premium growth. however, ...

miffed with disappointing returns from private equity investments in india, institutional investors in these funds are now opting ...

us regulators led by the office of the comptroller of the currency (occ) will replace a largely fruitless effort to find victims ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) in a bid to give the much-needed impetus to the food ...

maharashtra state cooperative bank (mscb), under administrator s rule since may 2011, after its board was dissolved by the ...

faced with the challenge of bank funding and stringent regulatory norms, many microfinance institutions (mfis) are drifting from ...

small and mid-size private banks are not in a hurry to pare their lending rates, even as hdfc bank, the second largest private ...

mutual funds focused on banking, fast-moving consumer goods and midcap stocks topped the return charts for investors in 2012, ...

indusind bank ltd s net interest margin is likely to expand in the coming quarters, as the private lender is expected to ...

if you are an individual caught by traffic police time and again for violating rules and have a record of paying fines, a motor ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) said on tuesday the monetary policy department will directly report to governor duvvuri subbarao ...

reserve bank of india s governor d subbarao has taken charge of the monetary policy department following completion of subir ...

the department of posts is likely to finalise plans for setting up the post bank of india soon to provide full banking services ...

borrowings by banks under reserve bank of india s (rbi) daily liquidity adjustment facility (laf) continues to be high despite ...

indian overseas bank (iob), which recently said it is postponing fund raising through perpetual bond, has said in three months it ...

faced with the challenge of bank funding, and stringent regulatory norms, several microfinance institutions are drifting away ...

j k bank nim to remain at 3.7-3.9% icici direct.com

net interest margin (nim) of jammu kashmir bank is expected to sustain at current levels of 3.7% to 3.9%, said an analysts ...

happy new year 2013 that s not merely for the sake of salutation. as the year 2012 ends, across a range of bankers, ...

state bank of travancore (sbt), which is expected to merge with state bank of india (sbi), has set a target to grow around 25 per ...

the aggregate deposits of commercial banks in karnataka have risen 14.44 per cent to rs 4,10,233 crore for the first six months ...

karnataka is all set to roll out the pilot of government of india s ambitious direct cash transfer (dct) programme from ...

the reduction in interest rates by banks on home loans and car loans in the festive season has resulted in retail credit growing ...

with bank lending rates still high, the corporate sector is increasingly depending on commercial paper (cp) to meet working ...

the current account deficit (cad) for the quarter ended september was at an all-time high of 5.4 per cent of gross domestic ...

consistent with the stance of monetary policy and based on the current assessment of prevailing and evolving liquidity ...

state bank of india (sbi) has achieved almost 100% target of the opening of the bank accounts in the districts where it is a lead ...

state bank of india (sbi) today launched mobicash easy , a mobile wallet in mumbai and delhi with service offerings like funds ...

small and mid-sized private banks are not in a hurry to pare their lending rates even as hdfc bank, the second-largest private ...

maharashtra state cooperative bank (mscb), which is under administrators rule since may 2011 after its board was dissolved by ...

the central government has reserved its veto on key powers being delegated to the reserve bank of india with regard to dealing ...

indian overseas bank (iob) is planning to raise funds by way of rights issue. the bank informed the bse that the board at its ...

indusind bank s net interest margin is likely to expand in coming quarters as the private lender is expected to protect its yield ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will announce a new guideline on january 4, giving itself a new supervisory role on ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is set to get a new deputy governor, with the government deciding against giving any further ...

despite the efforts undertaken by the government and the reserve bank of india (rbi), a large number of people are still outside ...

it s a dog s life in insurance, too. though public sector general insurers and some private ones have offered ...

it s a dog s life in insurance, too. though public sector general insurers and some private ones have offered this cover ...

the banking regulator reserve of bank of india (rbi) today asked the banks not to do lip service, but get into actual action on ...

the banking regulator reserve bank of india (rbi) is planning to announce a new guideline on january 4th which will give the ...

hdfc bank has been directed by a consumer forum here to pay rs 15,000 to one of its customers for showing her credit card dues as ...

the reserve bank of india has rescheduled the start date for implementation of basel iii to april 1, 2013 from january 1, ...

the us policymakers, who are negotiating to resolve the fiscal cliff crisis, will play a key role in setting the tone for the ...

insurance companies will no longer insist on written confirmation from banks as proof for address and identification for ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has rescheduled the start date for implementation of basel-iii financial norms to april 1, ...

an official study issued on friday by the reserve bank of india (rbi), while decrying citizens preference for gold as a ...

berkshire partners llc, a boston- based buyout firm that invests in mid-sized companies, agreed to acquire lightower fiber ...

banks will have to play a greater role in resource allocation, given the tough conditions in the capital market, the reserve bank ...

raising concern on regulatory and data availability gaps on the shadow banking system, the reserve bank of india (rbi) on friday ...

high inflation, slowing growth and rising fiscal and current account deficits had increased the risks to macroeconomic stability, ...

the reserve bank of india on friday said the draft guidelines on bancassurance, which were released by insurance regulator ...

flagging concern over the rise in banking frauds, the reserve bank of india on friday said banks in india might be ...

the households sector savings has been finding its way to asset like gold and this is a cause of concern in the long-term. this ...

raising concern on the regulatory and data availability gaps in respect of the shadow banking system in the country, the reserve ...

flagging concern on rise in banking frauds, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said banks in india may be underestimating the ...

profitability of banks is likely to come under pressure in the coming quarters in view of deteriorating asset quality of banks ...

employees and officers under the banner of united forum of rbi officers and employees have called a countrywide strike on january ...

mangalore-based private sector bank, karnataka bank opened its first ultra small branch at byadanur village of tumkur district, ...

the proposed guidelines by the reserve bank of india (rbi) for non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) are likely to impact the ...

public sector lender bank of india on thursday raised interest rate for bulk deposits by 50 basis points to nine per cent for one ...

despite the government auditor insisting export credit guarantee corp of india ltd (ecgc) mandate banks to check the ...

the government has cleared a rs 3,004-crore capital infusion into state bank of india (sbi) this financial year. however, how ...

year 2013 could ring in some good news for bank aspirants. the reserve bank of india (rbi), currently giving final touches to the ...

galleon group llc co-founder raj rajaratnam, who is serving 11 years in prison for insider trading, agreed to pay $1.5 million to ...

there will be some good news for the bank aspirants in the new year. the reserve bank of india (rbi) which currently giving final ...

the proposed guidelines by the reserve bank of india (rbi) for the non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) are likely to impact the ...

bank of india has increased the interest on deposits of rs 10 crore and above having maturity of one year and above to less than ...

mangalore-based corporation bank is looking to raise rs 200 crore through unsecured innovative perpetual non-convertible tier i ...

the stock of karur vysya bank, an older-generation private sector lender, hit an all-time high today, on rumours of it being seen ...

as the deadline for direct cash transfer for subsidies in 43 districts nears, the government has started the mapping of gram ...

srei infrastructure ltd plans to set up about 25,000 white label automated telling machines (atms ) in rural areas, taking ...

idbi asset management, the mutual fund subsidiary of idbi bank, has garnered about rs 120 crore through its idbi gilt ...

even as the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked banks to issue cheques conforming to the cheque truncation system (cts-2010) by ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has invited a request for proposal (rfq) from organisations for finding ...

the wedge between credit and deposit growth has persisted, with bank deposits falling for the fortnight ended december 14. on a ...

srei infrastructure ltd plans to set up about 25,000 white label atms in rural areas, taking benefit of policy to throw open the ...

as the deadline for direct cash transfer for subsidies in 43 districts nears, the government has started mapping of gram ...

in a major relief to insurers in the health segment, the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has invited ...

the special bonus will be paid at the respective policy anniversaries in the period between february 1, 2013 and january 31, ...

approval to the long-awaited banking laws amendment bill by parliament towards the end of 2012 has paved the way for enhanced ...

three georgia counties have filed a lawsuit claiming that british bank hsbc cost them hundreds of millions of dollars in extra ...

japanese government bonds are headed for the longest run of annual gains on record, buoyed by central bank purchases almost ...

the new year could bring some cheer among bankers, as the reserve bank of india (rbi) is expected to start the rate easing cycle ...

banks, facing increasing asset quality pressure for the past two years, might see some respite only by the end of 2013, if the ...

many bankers are questioning goldman sachs top position in a list for 2012 put out by dealogic in the second week of ...

despite the interest rates having a softer bias, with the central bank indicating rate cuts during the fourth quarter of the ...

groep nv, belgium s largest bank and insurer by market value, agreed to sell absolut bank for euro 1 billion ($1.3 billion) ...

the pound weakened to the lowest level in nearly eight months against the euro as a report showed house prices fell for a sixth ...

commercial bank of qatar qsc, the persian gulf country s second-biggest bank, will start talks to buy alternatifbank as of ...

one of the promoters of indusind bank -- indusind international holdings -- on monday offloaded 4.6 mn shares of the private ...

the bank of israel reduced its benchmark interest rate to its lowest in more than two years amid a european debt crisis, ...

slackening demand for credit and pressure on asset quality are some of the challenges that the indian banking sector is facing in ...

rating agency brickwork ratings india has revised the outlook on lakshmi vilas bank s tier-ii bonds from stable to ...

to boost liquidity in the system, the reserve bank of india (rbi) announced open market operations (omos) purchase of gilts worth ...

public sector lender union bank of india has raised about rs 1,100 crore by issuing tier-i-and-ii bonds, taking its total capital ...

sbi general insurance has collected a premium of rs 425.47 crore in the period april-november 2012, which is a growth of 219%, ...

dena bank has increased its interest rate on term deposits having maturity of one year to less than two years by 35 basis points ...

federal bank has increased the rate on domestic fixed term deposits by 25 to 50 basis points in some maturities. a press release ...

it will take time to fully stabilise a larger business franchise and start reaping economies of scale benefits. moody s has ...

when rashmi deshmukh needed money for her hand-knit clothing business in mumbai, she couldn t wait for bank approval. ...

finance minister p chidambaram on saturday said the public-sector banks would need around rs 1 lakh crore capital over the next ...

the finance minister today said that the public sector banks would require around rs 1 lakh crore capital over the next 5-10 ...

united bank of india (ubi), a public sector lender, is embarking on a transformation programme to enhance its productivity by ...

the government has increased the ceiling for foreign direct investment (fdi) in asset reconstruction companies (arcs) to 74 per ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) said the country had a fall in insurance density in 2011, the first ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has proposed an exposure draft to regulate opening of new offices by ...

aegon religare life insurance is looking to use the online channel as a major route to drive business growth in 2013-14. at a ...

edelweiss financial services will divest 26 per cent stake in its housing finance arm, edelweiss housing finance, to a foreign ...

there is a lot of work to be done from january 1. there are huge burdens, huge responsibility going to fall on your ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) said that since opening up of indian insurance sector for private ...

state-owned banks can now increase capital while issuing preference shares, rights issues or bonus shares without being limited ...

there is lot of work to be done from january 1. there are huge burden, huge responsibility going to fall on your shoulders. ...

with a rise in corporate loan defaults and its adverse impact on banks balance sheets, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has ...

the latest entrants in the banking sector are focusing on retail liabilities, which in turn are used for cross-selling products ...

the state bank of india (sbi) has requested the reserve bank of india (rbi) to reduce the minimum tenure for fixed deposits to ...

borrowing by banks under the reserve bank of india s (rbi) daily liquidity adjustment facility (laf) touched a record high ...

hong kong s de facto central bank said it is investigating possible misconduct by ubs over its submission of interbank rates, ...

the bank of japan expanded its asset-purchase programme for the third time in four months, and will reconsider its objectives for ...

housing finance companies (hfcs) and the national housing bank (nhb) will seek clarity from the reserve bank of india (rbi) on ...

the karnataka bank ltd (kbl) is not facing any takeover moves and reports to that effect are all rumours , according ...

a section of public sector bank employees have gone on nation-wide strike today to protest the banking laws (amendment) bill, ...

l t finance holdings ltd led non-bank lenders higher here trading after parliamentary approval of laws giving the reserve ...

with the lok sabha passing the banking laws (amendment) bill, paving the way for the reserve bank of india (rbi) for issuing ...

the reserve bank of india will expedite the process of issuing final guidelines regarding the entry of new entities in the ...

the government is planning to cap the term of shareholder and non-official directors on the boards of public-sector banks, ...

shriram properties, real estate arm of the rs 50,000-crore shriram group, has planned to raise around rs 300 crore from private ...

ajmal ahammed is not a familiar name in the venture capital (vc) sector in india. still, the vc entity where he s ...

two former ubs ag traders face felony charges for their alleged roles in the rigging of a key global interest rate, the us ...

swiss bank ubs swallowed a $1.5-billion fine and admitted to fraud on wednesday after a global probe revealed its staff ...

icici bank ltd and mmp mobi wallet payment systems, a wholly-owned subsidiary of tata teleservices ltd, today announced a ...

the european central bank avoided a legal challenge to its purchase of euro-area government debt and acceptance of greek, irish ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has set up a committee to consider sub-broking in insurance. a total of ...

ajmal ahammed is not a familiar name in the venture capital (vc) sector in india. still, the vc entity where he s operations ...

a day after lok sabha passed the banking laws (amendment) bill, rbi deputy governor k c chakrabarty today said the process for ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has set up a committee to consider sub broking in insurance. a total of ...

icici bank and mmp mobi wallet payment systems, wholly-owned subsidiary of tata teleservices, today announced a strategic tie up ...

export-import bank of india (exim bank) has extended a line of credit (loc) of $76.50 million to the government of malawi. the ...

bangalore-based private sector lender ing vysya bank has appointed sanjeev aga as an additional director with effect from ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has indicated a coming change in its monetary policy to a more growth-oriented one in the fourth ...

us prosecutors are planning to file charges next week against multiple bankers associated with ubs ag s rigging of tokyo ...

deutsche bank s decision to choose company veterans as its new leaders is in danger of backfiring, as their attempts to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it will infuse rs 8,000 crore into the system by purchasing government securities on ...

the lok sabha today cleared the banking laws (amendment) bill, 2011, after finance minister p chidambaram agreed to drop the ...

following the advance tax outflow from the system, borrowing by banks under the reserve bank of india s (rbi) daily liquidity ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today kept the key interest rates unchanged but hinted easing of rates in january saying with ...

six of the country s leading bankers -- pratip chaudhuri, chairman, state bank of india, chanda kochhar, md ceo, icici ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) left policy interest rates unchanged as expected on tuesday, ignoring the growing clamour from ...

with growth slowing down and the pipeline of new pojects drying up, banks arefacing the heat in terms of low credit offtake, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday allowed real estate developers and housing finance companies to raise up to $1 billion ...

india infrastructure finance company limited (iifcl) plans to raise rs 1,500 crore through an issue of bonds. it will open on ...

the menace of illegal chit fund companies is not limited to west bengal and the government is working with the reserve bank of ...

bahead of basel-iii norms that will kick in from january 1, banks are busy shoring up their tier-i capital through perpetual ...

axis bank, the third largest private sector lender, will raise equity capital by issuing up to 45.8 million fresh shares which ...

the insurance giant american international group said on monday that it had launched a process to sell off its entire stake in ...

the global bond market disagreed with moody s investors service and standard poor s more often than not this ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is soon expected to relax the norms for entry of foreign banks into the country, a top government ...

india s growth potential will deteriorate further if the government doesn t hasten the reforms process and narrow the ...

anita nair, 45, an artist here, recently purchased a unit-linked plan from a private insurance company. the agent had told her it ...

the government has approved the first tranche of rs 12,000 crore fund infusion in state-owned banks, a move aimed at enhancing ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today allowed real estate developers and housing finance companies to raise up to $1 billion ...

axis bank today launched its e-gift card, making it the first indian bank to do so. the facility of e- gift card can be availed ...

for the first time in its 200-year history, state bank of india has taken its officers association to court for resorting ...

the wholesale price index (wpi)-based inflation may have eased to its weakest in 10 months in november but the reserve bank of ...

buoyed by fall in inflation, bankers have stepped up their demand for a cut in interest rate by the reserve bank in its ...

indian banks lost a whopping rs 4,448 crore to frauds in the last financial year. the revelation by the finance minister came in ...

indian reinsurer general insurance corporation of india (gic re) will be going aggressive on expanding overseas from the next ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic), which has invested in offer for sale (ofs) of nmdc and hindustan copper, will ...

india-born former goldman sachs director rajat gupta has said he should not be required to pay the global investment banking firm ...

the federal reserve moved to subject two dozen foreign banks with at least $50 billion of global assets to stricter us capital ...

securities regulators have made inquiries into the mortgage repurchase practices at bank of america corp s countrywide ...

ahead of rbi s monetary review next week, prime minister manmohan singh today said inflation has risen to ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic), which has invested in offer for sale (ofs) of nmdc and hindustan copper. will invest ...

the union government is working on a plan to get idbi bank into the controversial delhi-gurgaon expressway project, to save the ...

export-import bank of india (exim bank) has extended line of credit (loc) of $19 million to the government of guyana, for setting ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has extended the deadline for implementing the cheque truncation system-2010 (cts-2010) by ...

the government on friday said there was a 8.2 per cent fall in the number of new life insurance policies sold during 2011-12 ...

india is not a candidate for downgrade by global rating agencies particularly after the recent economic reforms, world bank chief ...

the reserve bank is likely to slash the lending rate by about 0.5% by march and inflation is likely to be trend down to around 7% ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has extended the deadline of implementing cheque truncation system-2010 (cts- 2010) cheques by ...

the worst may be over for state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, so far as asset quality is concerned. ...

the reserve bank has received a large number of complaints relating to credit cards against lenders such as sbi, icici bank and ...

around 1.72 crore people are using mobile banking services in the country and private bank hdfc bank has the largest number of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is expected to keep interest rates unchanged on tuesday, according to a new reuters poll, with ...

maintaining negative outlook on the country s banking sector, fitch ratings on thursday said gross bad assets of domestic ...

rating agency moody s on thursday revised its rating outlook to negative from stable for three public sector banks (psbs), ...

the life insurance industry would see a 15 per cent compound annual growth rate (cagr) in new business premiums in the next two ...

icici bank, the largest private sector lender in the country, said it had opened 101 gramin branches, as distinct ...

after a raid at deutsche bank s headquarters, the company disclosed wednesday that two of its highest-ranking executives were a ...

finance ministers agreed early on thursday to place banks in the euro area under a single supervisor, a step enabling european ...

the proposed asset classification norms and standard asset provisioning norms of the reserve bank of india are expected to impact ...

kotak mahindra capital, investment banking arm of kotak mahindra bank, has entered into an exclusive strategic alliance with ...

indian companies raised $4.29 billion, through external commercial borrowings (ecbs) and foreign currency convertible bonds ...

rating agency moody s today revised the rating outlook to negative from stable for three public sector banks due to ...

rating agency crisil today said the revised guidelines for non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) could lower their return on ...

maintaining negative outlook on the country s banking sector, fitch ratings today said gross bad assets of domestic banks could ...

the life insurance industry would see a 15% compounded annual growth rate (cagr) in new business premiums in the next two years, ...

indian banks have lost a whopping rs 4,448 crore to frauds in the last financial year. the revelation by the finance minister ...

around five lakh employees representing various public sector banks are planning to go on a strike on december 20th against ...

private life insurer hdfc life today launched two unit-linked pension plans in the uttar pradesh market based on the new ...

kotak mahindra capital, the investment banking arm of kotak mahindra bank, today said it has entered into an exclusive strategic ...

icici bank, the largest private sector lender in the country, today said it has opened 101 gramin branches across six states as ...

within two months of launching an online point of sales (pos) system for its distribution channels, hdfc life has seen 40 to 50 ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may soon allow repo trades between market players through certificates of deposit (cds) and ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on wednesday allowed banks to issue online debit cards, including co-branded debit cards and ...

the sharp slowing in india s economic growth has had a notable impact on advanced economies, according to ...

rating agency icra has downgraded its rating for gmr infrastructure ltd s short-term loans to a3 from ...

the reserve bank of india has proposed tighter norms for non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) on capital requirements, risk ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on wednesday allowed banks to issue debit cards, including co-branded debit cards and rupee ...

the reserve bank of india has proposed tighter norms for non-banking financial companies with regard to capital requirements, ...

banks loan growth improved in the first two months of the second half of the fiscal year as demand from home loan and retail ...

five banks, including sbi, icici bank and axis bank, today launched saral money bank account product which allows customers to ...

banks should address data quality, which is a key for sustainable growth and they should also look at msme sector for the growth, ...

state and federal authorities decided against indicting hsbc in a money-laundering case over concerns that criminal charges could ...

the supreme court on tuesday ruled that banks were entitled to declare as a wilful defaulter any person who did not repay his ...

the government is likely to sell 9.5 per cent of its stake in the largest power generator, ntpc, on january 15, which could fetch ...

at a time when public sector banks are reeling under mounting asset quality pressure, mumbai-based union bank of india has ...

the government on tuesday fixed rs 147 a share as the base price, a 7.7 per cent discount at the market rate, for sale of its 10 ...

icici bank has raised foreign exchange resources worth swiss francs 100 million (over $100 million) through seven year bond. the ...

in a bid to break the deadlock over a bill to amend banking laws, finance minister p chidambaram on tuesday reached out to the ...

with global interest rates continuing to remain low, non-resident indians (nris) can use the non-resident (external) rupee ...

private sector lender indusind bank on tuesday closed its qualified institutional placement (qip) issue by raising rs 2,000 crore ...

having the largest atm network in india can be an enviable position. but for the country s largest bank, the state bank of ...

private sector lender indusind bank today successfully closed its qualified institutional placement (qip) transaction by raising ...

the lok sabha on monday approved an amendment bill to ease the recovery of bad loans by banks. opposition parties walked out ...

british bank standard chartered plc will pay $327 million ( 203 million) to resolve allegations that it violated us ...

the american international group agreed on sunday to sell up to 90 per cent of its extensive airplane leasing unit to a group of ...

kerala-based catholic syrian bank (csb) has high exposure to cyclically weak sectors such as textiles, according to rating agency ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) can pay interest to banks on their cash reserve ratio (crr) deposits if the laws are changed, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today eased the mandatory know your customer (kyc) norms for banks so that opening a bank account ...

for staunch loyalists of india s growth story, the profiles of foreign institutional money into the country s ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) on monday said raising investment limit for insurance companies to 30 ...

electronic transactions in the country in first seven months of this financial year were reported at rs 17,83,605 crore, rising ...

the tightening of lending norms by indian banks has fuelled the way for global financial institutions to shift focus to the ...

after sluggish credit demand growth this year, bankers see some marginal improvement in 2012-13 from sectors engaged in ...

providing flexibility for lenders and asset reconstruction companies (arcs), the amendments to debt recovery law will improve ...

after a year of sluggish credit demand in fy13, bankers see some marginal improvement in credit growth in the next fiscal coming ...

the reserve bank is likely to leave key policy rates unchanged at its mid-quarter monetary policy review next week but will go ...

the chennai-based indian overseas bank informed bse that the board of directors of the bank at its meeting held on december 08, ...

credit growth is expected to be better and will move up in the next financial year, on the back of higher growth in gross ...

rbi deputy governor k c chakrabarty has come down heavily on banks showing higher profits without providing adequately for bad ...

a lack of interest from investors is threatening to derail the efforts of indian banks to raise the additional capital they need ...

greek and foreign bondholders offered the targeted euro 30 billion ($38.8 billion) in a debt buyback that is key to the ...

the credit growth is expected to be better in the next financial year on the back of higher gross domestic product (gdp) growth, ...

in a move to facilitate greater flow of funds to the infrastructure sector, insurance firms have now been allowed to take their ...

goldman sachs group will pay $1.5 million to settle us commodity futures trading commission claims the firm failed to supervise a ...

india-born former goldman sachs director rajat gupta s appeal against his conviction on insider trading charges will be taken up ...

economists at foreign investment banks, such as deutsche bank, bank of america merrill lynch (bofa-ml) and goldman sachs are ...

india ratings has cut the rating for shoppers stop ltd s (ssl) short-term debt and commercial paper to a1 ...

indian bank was planning to merge its housing finance arm, ind bank housing ltd, with itself by march 31, and was looking for a ...

a senior reserve bank of india official has raised concern on the country s widening current account deficit (cad), saying ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will continue to take steps to address the deficit in the banking system liquidity, deputy ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has said it cannot allow the same relaxation on investment norms for ...

private sector indusind bank today said it has alloted 73,082 equity shares to those who had exercised the option under the ...

the rupee fell on friday, snapping three sessions of gains, dragged by the euro s weakness, but dealers said that the local ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) raised concerns on the widening current account deficit (cad) of india as the central bank feels ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will continue to take steps to address the liquidity deficit in the system, its deputy governor ...

the indian banking system liquidity deficit is within comfort zone and the rbi will take more steps to address the deficit if ...

to push the housing sector the union finance ministry wants public sector banks (psbs) to explore the idea of selling their loans ...

a decline in oil prices, improving demand situation in abroad markets and structural reforms at home will help indian economy ...

finance minister p chidambaram on thursday warned that severe action would be taken against banks if they employed musclemen or ...

banks will aim to improve their credit-deposit ratio in west bengal to 68 per cent by the next financial year, said d subbarao, ...

state-owned banks have been asked to take fresh steps to speed up recovery of non-performing assets (npas), finance minister p ...

the government is using electoral rolls to open bank accounts in the 51 districts chosen for the roll-out of the direct cash ...

standard chartered expects to pay $330 million to settle a case with us regulators who accused the asia-focused bank of failing ...

hsbc holdings plc might pay a fine of $1.8 billion as part of a settlement with us law-enforcement agencies over money-laundering ...

acknowledging that the economy is likely to remain weak into next year, the european central bank sharply reduced its growth ...

we agreed last year that the credit-deposit ratio for current financial year must be 65%. we reviewed the situation. as of ...

the government has given the deadline of december 15 to the public sector banks to open the bank accounts in the 51 districts ...

in line with the stock market, the indian rupee failed to maintain initial gains against the american currency and was quoted at ...

citigroup announced on wednesday that it would cut 11,000 jobs, reducing its work force by roughly 4 per cent in an effort to cut ...

a former goldman sachs director, rajat k gupta, may remain free on bail while he challenges his insider-trading conviction, a ...

fitch ratings on wednesday said balance sheets of indian telecom companies would continue to weaken in 2013, due to funding ...

news of a deal to restructure loans at financially troubled power distribution companies (discoms) brought some relief, albeit ...

the brass of the reserve bank of india (rbi) on wednesday said the government and the regulator s role in managing crisis ...

encouraged by the change in fdi regulations, india s logistic companies are increasingly taking the private equity route to ...

karvy financial services, non-banking finance company (nbfc) of the karvy group, hopes to raise rs 150-200 crore from pe ...

the top brass of the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said the government and the regulator s role in managing crisis is likely ...

united bank of india today said it has raised rs 300 crore by selling perpetual bonds. the bonds having face value of rs 10 lakh ...

icici bank, the largest private sector lender in the country, today introduced a flexible recurring deposit product that will ...

ing vysya bank, the bangalore-based private sector lender, will need to raise capital regularly to support its ...

the government is looking to infuse rs 4,000 crore in state bank of india, the country s biggest lender, a bank executive told ...

faster product approvals through the use-and-file routes, perceived to be the biggest motivators behind the product ...

the government is committed to restricting the fiscal deficit to 5.3 per cent of gross domestic product this financial year and ...

moody s on tuesday said it continued to maintain a negative outlook on the indian banking system, as asset quality was ...

a business standard poll, conducted among prominent fund managers and economists, shows that the reserve bank of india (rbi) is ...

jpmorgan chase co, citigroup inc, and wells fargo co must face claims over home foreclosure practices in a lawsuit ...

credit suisse group ag informed financial institutional clients it would start imposing negative interest rates on cash balances ...

the reserve bank of australia cut its benchmark interest rate to the half-century low set during the 2009 global recession, as an ...

global reinsurer munich re has signed a deal with wind energy turbine company repower, a subsidiary of suzlon energy, to offer ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on tuesday said it had entered into an agreement with the bank of mauritius for cooperation and ...

in a first, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has set up a supervisory college each for the state bank of india (sbi) and icici ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) on tuesdayf said life insurance companies were not permitted to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has set up the supervisory college for cross border cooperation for the supervision of state bank ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to hold interest rates in the mid quarter review of the monetary policy scheduled 18 ...

moody s today said it continues to maintain its negative outlook on the indian banking system as asset quality is likely to ...

moody s said its outlook on the indian banking system over the next 12 months to 18 months remains negative due to a challenging ...

former european central bank policy maker nout wellink said spain can t realistically expect officials to narrow the bond ...

the stress in our domestic markets may prevail for sometime as the reserve bank of india (rbi) raised concerns that the global ...

private life insurer hdfc life on monday announced the launch of two pension plans, hdfc life pension super plus and hdfc life ...

the international monetary fund endorsed nations use of capital control measures in certain circumstances, making official ...

bharti axa general insurance will need rs 150-200 crore capital over the next two years to meet its business needs and drive ...

the file-and-use mandate for 18 product categories identified by insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) would take ...

traditional product guidelines for life insurance companies will be out in the next 45 days, according to insurers. sources said ...

as growth continues to falter, indian corporates are increasingly going for the second round of loan restructuring as the first ...

despite the finance ministry asking public sector banks to opt for rights issue, some of the banks may still want direct equity ...

indian banks may struggle to meet their priority sector lending targets this financial year despite improvement in farm credit ...

after nearly two years, life insurance corporation of india (lic) the largest insurer in the country will launch ...

india ratings has said a clear role for the national housing bank (nhb) in monitoring and ensuring repayments to investors of ...

investment bankers in india are staring at the possibility of taking home low to zero year-end bonuses this christmas, as banks ...

indian ratings has said a clear role for the national housing bank in monitoring and ensuring repayments to investors of covered ...

hongkong and shanghai banking corporation (hsbc) has decided to scrap its plan to buy the retail and commercial banking ...

the reduction in interest rates by banks in home loans has finally helped them garner a higher month-on-month growth this festive ...

to attract long-term investments into the debt market and to narrow the current account deficit, the finance ministry today ...

the reduction in interest rates by banks in home loans has finally helped banks to garner a higher month-on-month growth this ...

the liquidity condition eased today after the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday announced open market operations (omos) ...

mumbai-based public sector lender union bank of india has reduced interest rates on home loans above rs 30 lakh by 25 basis ...

after negotiating for almost two-and-a-half years, hongkong and shanghai banking corporation (hsbc) has decided to scrap its plan ...

royal bank of scotland s sale of its indian retail and commercial banking operations to hsbc has fallen through more than two ...

liquidity could worsen despite the reserve bank of india (rbi) announcing open market operations (omos) by purchase of gilts ...

it is an area where indian banks had rarely ventured in the past but the concept of credit cards for the uber-rich is fast ...

ahead of the implementation of basel-iii norms in the banking sector, public sector banks are looking to raise capital, with a ...

pension products, which were absent from the life insurance sector for the past few quarters, are back to the market. hdfc ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has modified its earlier proposals on guidelines for participation in ...

bank credit grew 16.9 per cent and deposits by 13.4 per cent year on year in the fortnight ended november 16. banks disbursed new ...

bank credit grew by 16.85% while the deposits up by 13.42% year-on-year (y-o-y) in the fortnight ended november 16. the ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has issued modified guidelines for participation in in credit default ...

ahead of the implementation of basel iii norms in the banking sector, public sector banks are looking for raising capital, with ...

managalore-based private sector lender karnataka bank on thursday said it has introduced the revised guidelines of the reserve ...

while a significant portion of asset quality stress is already visible in public sector banks, the stress may peak out in the ...

as major economies grappling with financial slowdown and uncertainty over returns from green projects, private equity (pe) ...

india ratings and research says the india operations of london-headquartered barclays bank are vulnerable to deterioration in ...

a sharp deterioration in the trade deficit and slower government reforms are set to add to factors weakening the rupee again ...

publicly-held non-banking financial company capital first (formerly kishore biyani-controlled future capital) is planning to ...

indus balaji, a domestic fund focused on emerging opportunities, with television and film production house balaji telefilms as ...

fraudulent lending and embezzlement by officials, including at least two indian citizens, led to failure of afghanistan s kabul ...

the european commission on wednesday approved a payment of euro 37 billion, or $48 billion, from the euro zone bailout fund to ...

the income tax department has decided to begin prosecution action against those having substantial amounts in their ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will conduct open market operations (omos) to infuse liquidity in the system if the present ...

dalal street s romance with srinagar-based jammu kashmir bank is proving to be a long-drawn one. tagged as a sleepy, ...

with iran facing a currency crisis in the aftermath of us sanctions, indian exporters are having a tough time exporting to the ...

british bank barclays today said it would increase its personnel at the wealth management division here by up to 15 per cent this ...

lenders are close to firming up a restructuring package for loans worth about rs 10,000 crore to financially stressed suzlon ...

sbi life insurance has launched a guaranteed traditional savings plan called smart income protect. it offers tax-free regular ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is set to put an insurance company s investment limit for the ...

the reserve bank of india will take measures to address liquidity deficit if the shortage persists, said h.r. khan, the central ...

american express on monday said it had launched a co-branded credit card with jet airways. the card, jet airways american express ...

indusind bank ltd, the bank backed by the billionaire hinduja brothers, might raise as much as $350 million in a share sale to ...

gold loan non-banking financial company (nbfc) muthoot finance is planning to enter the white label atms (wlas) space to ...

m v tanksale, chairman and managing director of central bank of india, says non-performing assets (npas) in the banking system ...

on the one hand, the number of self-help groups (shgs) obtaining a loan from banks has been coming down over the years, ...

with sharp rises in stressed assets, commercial banks have raised concern over delays in infrastructure projects. examples are ...

insurance companies aren t at all enthusiastic on the idea of a policy covering the human immuno deficiency virus (hiv), ...

rating agency icra has put 10 companies owned by gurdeep (ponty) chadha and his brother, hardeep singh chadha, under watch ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) plans to shift insurance companies to a risk-based solvency model from ...

the british government on monday selected mark carney, head of the canadian central bank, to succeed mervyn king as the next ...

britain s financial services authority fined ubs 29.7 million on monday for failing to prevent a $2.3-billion loss caused ...

hyderabad-headquartered ap mahesh co-operative urban bank has deployed the vmware zimbra collaboration suite - an ...

rating agencies moody s investors and standard poor s today said that the ratings issued to icici bank s $750 million ...

cash-starved indian companies are increasingly turning to foreign markets to raise funds. at least half a dozen companies, such ...

the present liquidity tightness is being caused by festival-related demand for currencies and rise of government balances. ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will soon come up with guidelines to simplify know-your-customer (kyc) norms and to make aadhaar ...

state bank of india (sbi) chief has asked the reserve bank of india (rbi) to allow the lender to buy back gold. this is not ...

the present liquidity tightness caused by festival related demand for currencies and rise of government balances, if persists, ...

banks have asked the reserve bank of india to allow them to buyback gold which is not allowed at present, though banks are ...

deutsche bank ag co-chief executive anshu jain says telling people he works in banking is a conversation-killer, as the industry ...

the tougher rules, known as basel-iii, are the world s regulatory response to the 2007-09 financial crisis and would force ...

while prodding the private sector lenders to be more active in bancon the annual banking conclave finance ...

with customers allowed to shift their home loans to other banks at no extra cost, a quarter of state bank of india (sbi) s ...

mumbai-based union bank of india sees interest rate to soften going ahead and the bank may reduce lending rates further at a time ...

with customers are allowed to shift their home loan to other banks at no extra cost, state bank of india has seen 25 per cent of ...

finance minister p chidambaram today made it clear to the rbi that it has the powers to issue new bank licences and expressed the ...

finance minister p chidambaram today revived the debate on amalgamation of public sector banks saying some consolidation is ...

india s foreign exchange reserves were at $293.526 billion as of november 16, compared with $293.56 billion in the previous ...

after banks, it is now the turn of non-banking finance companies (nbfc) to see a spike in loan defaults and provisioning for ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to keep the upper limit on held-to-maturity (htm) portfolios of banks unchanged, at ...

the finance ministry is likely to defer the proposal to set up a holding company for recapitalising public sector banks, as was ...

state bank of india on friday entered into a tie-up with sohan lal commodity management (slcm) to provide post-harvest credit and ...

the premium collections of life insurers stood almost flat with just a 2.3 cent rise in october at rs 6,851 crore, compared to ...

the debt restructuring package of swaws credit corp, the debt-ridden microfinance institution (mfi) based in andhra pradesh, has ...

after banks, it is now turn of non-banking finance companies (nbfc) to see a spike in loan defaults and provisioning for non ...

the banking fraternity witnessed the curtain raiser of the indian banks association s (iba) annual bankers ...

dollar demand from oil refiners has offset the negative sentiment due to a rise in euro and domestic shares. oil firms have been ...

india max investment fund today raised its holding in non-banking financial services company lkp finance, by picking up ...

icici lombard general insurance has launched a new travel insurance product international travel insurance. the policy provides ...

idbi asset management company, a fully owned subsidiary of idbi bank, is formulating a strategy around debt products for ...

with bottom lines and balance sheets under strain due to rising bad loans, banks have stepped up their efforts for recoveries. ...

gilt yields rose today on expectations of additional borrowing by the government in the second half of the current financial ...

the government seems to be preparing the ground for the merger of public sector banks (psbs). after asking small banks to ...

in banking circles, ratnakar bank is often referred to as the nh4 bank since a majority of its business comes from ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao on thursday said separate legislation should be enacted to commence islamic ...

rating agency fitch today downgraded the viability rating of public sector lender canara bank. it, however, affirmed the ...

fitch ratings has downgraded canara bank s viability rating (vr) by one notch to bb while affirming that of sbi, pnb and bob ...

sluggish economic growth and a low offtake of credit has prompted the banking sector to knock the doors of state governments. ...

reserve bank governor, d subbrao said that separate legislation should be enacted in order to commence islamic banking in ...

deutsche bank ag co-chief executive officer anshu jain said he expects significant consolidation in the global ...

the government on wednesday said the cap on stake that state-owned life insurance corporation (lic) can hold in companies would ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) would release the final guidelines on investment limits for insurance ...

as the government is yet to find a replacement for reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor subir gokarn, it today gave him a ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao seems to have a knack of doing the opposite of what members of the technical ...

with around rs 1 lakh crore of deposits to mature by december, banks have begun hastening the search for short-term sources of ...

when ram gollamudi, chief executive of edutor technologies, a hyderabad-based start-up that develops and markets learning ...

the reserve bank of india today said banks may face penal action if they fail to adhere to the norms regarding sharing of ...

noted economist jagdish bhagwati today called for a realignment in the monetary policy stance adopted by the reserve bank and ...

the government today said it will finalise rs 15,000-crore capital infusion for public sector banks soon to help them enhance ...

inward remmitances, i.e. foreign currency coming into the country sent by non-resident indians working overseas, is likely to see ...

the rupee today lost 2 paise to close at two-and-a-half month low of 55.12 against the dollar amid strong demand for the us ...

in what may dash hopes of various industry players for reduction of the repo rate, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it ...

last month, senior executives of a foreign bank with significant presence in india met clients from key markets abroad to explain ...

with a view to grow its revenue beyond the infrastructure segment, sbi caps ltd, the investment banking arm of state bank of ...

dhanlaxmi bank continues to witness senior-level exits, with three more top management executives resigning from their positions ...

although the finance ministry has given the green signal to life insurance corporation (lic) to increase its stake in a company ...

union finance minister p chidambaram on tuesday dismissed as media creation reported differences between the ...

the finance ministers and chief ministers of the four southern states have told union finance minister p chidambaram that there ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has ruled out statutory liquidity ratio (slr) status for corporate bonds, amid talk that the ...

former ubs trader kweku adoboli was convicted and sentenced to seven years in jail on tuesday for the biggest fraud in british ...

the yen rallied from near its weakest level in almost seven months against the dollar after bank of japan (8301) governor masaaki ...

banks need not seek permission of the reserve bank to open administrative offices in large cities (tier-i), the central bank said ...

reserve bank of india has harmonised the definition of infrastructure lending for financing by banks and financial institutions ...

hdfc bank, the second-largest private sector bank, today launched its mobile application in hindi for customers from the hindi ...

last month, senior executives of a foreign bank having significant presence in india met clients from key overseas markets to ...

even as the rupee has been volatile in the last one month, rbi deputy governor h r khan on monday said, rbi will intervene ...

private sector lender karnataka bank on monday said it had raised rs 250 crore by issuing non-convertible subordinated debt ...

bank of maharashtra is targeting a minimum 50 per cent growth in net profit in the current financial year, a top official of the ...

roland berger strategy, one of the world s leading consulting firms, said the global investment banking sector would need ...

a week after the united spirits-diageo deal was announced, ailing kingfisher airlines (kfa) had a meeting with the consortium of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has raised concern on debt flows by foreign institutional investors (fiis) in the capital market. ...

with nine public sector bank chiefs set to retire in 2013-14, the finance ministry has relaxed the eligibility criteria for the ...

capital controls cannot be a substitute to macroeconomic policies but should complement overall macroeconomic management, reserve ...

reserve bank will intervene in the forex market only to curb excessive volatility in exchange rate but stated there is no target ...

private sector lender karnataka bank has raised rs 250 crore by issue of non-convertible subordinated debt instruments in the ...

mergers and acquisitions (m as) in the banking space may require clearance from fair market watchdog, competition commission ...

leading brokerage bank of america- merrill lynch (bofa-ml) has said that the reserve bank needs to intervene in the forex market ...

mumbai, nov 18 (pti) chennai-based public sector lender indian overseas bank is mulling to raise funds through a perpetual bond ...

in a worsening trend of companies failing to meet their financial obligations, the country s domestic banks have witnessed an ...

the rupee may weaken further against the dollar this week amid dollar demand by importers. strong demand from importers coupled ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may not reduce interest rates any time soon, despite the slowdown in growth and easing of ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao today said the disenchantment with casino banking in certain ...

a day after finance minister p chidambaram said he had urged the reserve bank of india (rbi) to start the process of finalising ...

global financial services giant goldman sachs has promoted 266 persons, including at least 16 of indian origin as managing ...

stating that credibility of the cooperative banks has eroded , reserve bank governor d subbarao today said there was ...

reserve bank governor d subbarao today warned against casino banking that has over- financialised the real economy, ...

a day after finance minister p chidambaram asked the reserve bank to speed up the process of issuing new bank licences, governor ...

reserve bank of india governor d subbarao today highlighted the importance of cooperatives as models of inclusive growth. he was ...

bank credit grew 16.2 per cent, year-on-year, to rs 48.6 lakh crore, while deposits swelled 13.7 per cent to rs 64.34lakh crore ...

despite breaching the rs 55 per dollar mark again on thursday, the rupee remained strong due to dollar sale by foreign banks and ...

research firm nomura on thursday said the couple of recent developments suggested country s twin deficits fiscal ...

wholesale price inflation fell to an eight-month low of 7.45 per cent in october from 7.81 per cent in september but this is ...

in a first ever move by the finance ministry to seek life insurers view on taxation issues, it has invited suggestions ...

public sector banks, which have lowered their provision coverage ratios in the last one year, would have seen their quarterly ...

finance minister p chidambaram on thursday asked public sector banks to lower their deposit rates and pass on the benefit to ...

finance minister p chidambaram has asked the reserve bank of india (rbi) to start working towards issuing the final guidelines ...

the reserve bank today asked banks to discontinue the practice of reporting attempted fraud cases involving rs 1 crore or above ...

bank credit grew by 16.21% year-on-year to rs 48.59 lakh crore while deposit growth remaining sluggish to 13.74% to rs 64.35 lakh ...

as many as 28 out of 41 commercial banks operating in the state have failed to achieve the 18% lending target stipulated by the ...

the finance ministry will move a cabinet note in 7-10 days to launch credit guarantee scheme proposed in the budget to ensure ...

the government will decide in the next few weeks how much additional capital will be injected into state-run banks after ...

finance minister p chidambaram has asked the rbi to start working on issuing final guidelines for granting licenses to new banks ...

most state-run banks need an infusion of additional capital and a decision will be taken in the next few weeks, finance minister ...

australia s westpac bank opened its first branch in india today. the branch is located in mumbai and will support ...

amid a rise in non-performing assets, most public sector banks have seen a substantial drop in their provision coverage ratio in ...

allahabad bank has revised interest rates on term deposits of different maturities below rs 5 crore, with effect from november ...

though a majority of incubators in the country are located in non-metro regions, start-ups based in metros account for almost 80 ...

while many are still lamenting the failures of the facebook s initial public offering, two of its most well-known ...

india venture advisors, the private equity arm of piramal enterprises ltd, is set to raise a rs 1,000-crore health care-focused ...

the market for bad loans is gaining momentum with public sector banks lining up at least rs 2,000 crore of sale of non-performing ...

amid rise in non-performing assets, most public sector banks have seen substantial drop in their provision coverage ratio in the ...

the rising spends on credit cards, increase in sale of third-party products and surge in consumer loan demand have allowed banks ...

the national payments corporation (npci) today said the banking system has reached a landmark of 1 lakh atms (automated teller ...

rajiv b lall, 55, managing director and chief executive officer of infrastructure development finance company talks unlike his ...

after a lull period of two years, asset reconstruction company (india) limited (arcil) is hopeful of acquiring significant ...

the european central bank has agreed to broaden the framework for allowing greek banks to tap emergency loans from greece s ...

at a time when most banks are seeing stress in the corporate segment and are focusing on the retail front, narendra singh, ...

the bank had on friday said gross slippages were rs 8,495 crore. after the revision, this has been pegged at rs 7,111 crore, ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor subir gokarn s fate hangs in the balance. soon, a search committee would meet ...

today, banks borrowed rs 1,06,470 crore under the reserve bank of india s liquidity adjustment facility, compared with rs 87,460 ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has expanded the definition of infrastructure facility ...

tata aia life insurance co ltd (formerly tata aig life insurance) is seeing attrition at senior management levels. according to ...

with many large public sector banks (psbs) reporting a decline in net profit for the july-september quarter, mainly due to higher ...

american international group is planning to sell its savings and loan business as soon as a federal panel labels the insurance ...

state bank of india the country s largest lender today lowered its slippage figures downward by rs 1,389 ...

electronic transactions in the country in first nine months were reported at rs 14,88,353 crore rising 53% over similar period ...

development credit bank ltd. (dcb bank) has announced that the board of directors has approved preferential issuance of equity ...

standard chartered bank has deepened its presence in rajasthan by launching a full-service branch in jodhpur. a wide-ranging ...

bihar government has revoked the ban imposed on private banks, so far as deposits of government money was concerned. it has ...

hsbc india website sums up the bank s business strategy quite well it is all about delivering sophisticated ...

non-performing assets of public sector banks rose to rs 1,11,664 crore in 2012 from rs 52,807 crore in 2003, data from the ...

citigroup said it would pay $15.5 million to vikram pandit, its former chief executive who resigned from company last month, as ...

the sluggish corporate debt markets may see some reforms soon, including easing of norms for investment by pension and provident ...

at a time when most banks are facing stress in the corporate segment and are turning their focus to the retail segment, ...

mangalore-based private sector lender karnataka bank on saturday reduced its base rate by 25 basis points with effect from ...

state bank of india (sbi) has reported 30 per cent growth in net profit for the quarter ended september to rs 3,658 crore from rs ...

united kingdom prosecutors are poised to arrest former traders and rate setters at ubs ag, royal bank of scotland group plc and ...

hsbc s legal troubles are growing. the british tax authorities said friday that they were looking into a list of hsbc clients ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) said banks have failed to ensure the end-use of funds disbursed as crop loans and some borrowers ...

corporation bank on friday reported a marginal increase in its net profit at rs 405.71 crore for the second quarter, recording a ...

the reserve bank today asked banks not to reject any educational loan application even if the residence of the borrower does not ...

public sector united india insurance is expected to cross the rs 10,000-crore premium mark by the end of this financial year, a ...

deven sharma, the man who famously downgraded the us during his tenure as the chief of rating major standard poor s, ...

the challenge before banks is to make the best use of technology and innovation to bring down intermediation costs while ...

currently, the sector comprises a heterogeneous group of institutions, which caters to a wide range of financial requirements. ...

the european central bank held its main interest rate at 0.75 per cent on thursday, deferring any cut in borrowing costs while it ...

concerned with rising non-performing assets (npas), banks have turned risk averse, the reserve bank of india (rbi) observed in ...

more than half of the public sector banks (16 of 26) couldn t achieve the 40 per cent priority sector lending (psl) target ...

state-run banks accounted for nearly two-third of the customer complaints received during the last financial year, the reserve ...

the incremental equity requirement due to enhanced basel iii capital ratios is expected to be rs 75,000 crore-80,000 crore by ...

ending speculation that the reserve bank of india (rbi) may issue final guidelines for fresh banking licences without the ...

the concerns of rising non-performing assets (npas) has resulted in increase in the risk aversion of banks and this in turn ...

state-run banks accounted for nearly two-third of the customer complaints received during last financial year, the reserve bank ...

federal bank launched its imps-merchant payment service, a real time funds transfer facility to merchants and enterprises through ...

uco bank s net profit for the quarter ended september 30 halved from a year ago to rs 103 crore, as non-performing assets ...

enzen global solutions, the bangalore-based consulting and services company working specifically in the energy and utilities ...

banks need to transform their risk architecture and respond to the needs of their customers in a diagnostic and prescriptive ...

state bank of india (sbi) chairman pratip chaudhuri today indicated the country s largest bank might cut interest rates ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) could ease monetary policy as early as january, governor duvvuri subbarao said on monday, as ...

the rupee is likely to see some strengthening and is expected to touch 51-levels against the us dollar by december, a report by ...

reliance capital has posted a 12-time increase in its net profit for the september quarter to rs 401 crore, backed by a stake ...

corporation bank has said its loan exposure to the financially troubled kingfisher airlines was about rs 160 crore and it was ...

andhra bank reported a marginal three per cent increase in net profit to rs 325.63 crore for the second quarter compared with rs ...

canara bank has reported a 22.4 per cent drop in net profit at rs 661 crore for the second quarter, compared with rs 852 crore ...

central bank of india has posted a 35.25 per cent rise in net profit at rs 329.92 crore for the second quarter ended september, ...

banks consortium has done everything possible to make the company (kingfisher) work. only, the company is not ...

banks offering a higher rate on savings bank deposits have seen robust growth in the past year but the momentum might get slower ...

dena bank, posted 23.8 per cent growth in net profit at rs 239.64 crore in the second quarter ended september on steady growth in ...

the reserve bank today asked non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) to replace post-dated cheques issued to them by customers ...

with slowdown in corporate credit demand, the state bank of bikaner and jaipur (sbbj) has cut the credit growth target to ...

corporation bank has said that its loan exposure to the financially troubled kingfisher airline was about rs 160 crore and it is ...

despite last week s cut in banks cash reserve ratio (crr), liquidity is expected to remain tight but might not ...

goldman sachs group inc, which is scheduled to announce its new class of partners next week, has 407 members of that elite group, ...

standard poor s misled investors by giving its highest credit grade to securities whose value plunged during the ...

hsbc holdings on monday said it had set aside a combined $1.1 billion connected to a continuing money-laundering investigation ...

barclays is set to fight a potentially record $470 million ( 293.26 million) penalty from us energy regulators by arguing ...

royal bank of scotland group plc, britain s biggest taxpayer-owned lender, said it expected to pay a fine in the coming ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is examining whether banks recent purchases of low coupon corporate bonds have potentially ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) chairman d k mehrotra on monday said the company would buy stakes in public sector ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday permitted banks to become members of exchanges approved by the securities and exchange ...

bangalore-based public sector lender vijaya bank on monday reported a 39.38 per cent drop in net profit to rs 123.37 crore for ...

allahabad bank on monday said its net profit for the quarter ended september 30 halved to rs 234 crore from rs 488 crore a year ...

the bugle for the 10th bipartite banking sector wage agreement has been sounded, with five employee unions giving charters of ...

the reserve bank today said it has revised the rating symbols of fitch india post the rating agency s change of name to india ...

the rbi today said banks can become members of stock exchanges to undertake proprietary transactions in the corporate ...

in a growing sign of companies facing difficulties in meeting their financial obligations, the number of corporate debt ...

a few broking houses are recommending their clients to buy shares of punjab national bank (pnb) despite the sharp decline in ...

higher provisioning led to state bank of hyderabad (sbh) s net profit for the quarter ended september falling 8.02 per cent to rs ...

banks corporate debt restructuring (cdr) cell have over a year seen a nearly 50 per cent rise in aggregate debt sought to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) s revised higher provisioning norms for restructured loans should not have much impact on ...

royal bank of scotland said it may face fines in relation to how it set libor and other interest rates and is keen to settle the ...

strong recovery of bad loans, along with lower slippages, helped union bank of india to report a 57 per cent growth in net profit ...

the japanese bank nomura faces more legal problems. on friday, nomura said it was likely involved in a new insider trading case, ...

public sector punjab national bank is aiming to set up 24-hour multi function self service counters at its 500 branches by march ...

state-run punjab national bank, xpress money and uae exchange has launched a prepaid remittance card -- pnb xpress money remit ...

the corporate debt restructuring (cdr) cell of reserve bank of india (rbi) saw a nearly 50% rise in aggregate debt, sought to be ...

businesses in india recorded losses worth a whopping rs 6,600 crore in the last financial year, with a significant portion of ...

us regulators proposed a record $469.9 million in penalties against barclays plc, and an additional $18 million on four of its ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has modified the definition of sickness and a procedure for assessing the viability of sick micro ...

finance minister p chidambaram will review the second-quarter (q2) performance of state-owned banks on november 15. his meeting ...

idbi bank s plan to garner higher current account and savings account (casa) deposits by waiving service charges has paid ...

state bank of india (sbi) had ruled out any cut in its lending rates due to steep rise in provisioning for restructured standard ...

tight liquidity conditions may continue to be tight for some more time, despite the cut in cash reserve ratio (crr) comes into ...

state bank of india (sbi) has ruled out any cut in its lending rates due to steep hike in the provisioning for restructured ...

in one of the high-profile movements in the indian private equity (pe) sector, arun korati, ceo of axis private equity limited, a ...

recently, when a start-up that had already notched revenue of rs 10 crore approached chennai angels for funding, the investors ...

after a gap of two years, private equity (pe) investors are again stacking investments in the microfinance sector. this time, it ...

broking and custodial services outfit stock holding corporation of india ltd (shcil) is to merge with idbi bank, giving 227 ...

the gap between credit and deposit growth widened for the fortnight ended october 19, shows the latest data from the reserve bank ...

although the reserve bank of india (rbi) expects inflation be reined in by the fourth quarter, it is conscious of the ...

hdfc bank, the second largest private sector lender in the country, today said it has made three senior level appointments in its ...

muthoot finance is looking at diluting five per cent stake to achieve the requirement of minimum public shareholding of 25 per ...

the reserve bank will conduct open market operations (omos) or reduce cash reserve ratio (crr) depending on the liquidity deficit ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today left the key policy rate unchanged at 8%, defying pressure from the finance ministry ...

economists and analysts today described the rbi decision to leave the policy rates unchanged as prudent and opined ...

within hours of rbi slashing the cash reserve ratio (crr) by 0.25%, state bank (sbi) today hinted at a likely reduction in ...

sbi chairman pratip chaudhuri today once again expressed his open disagreement with the rbi on crr saying it is a ...

the rbi left interest rates unchanged but cut the cash reserve ratio for banks and indicated it may ease monetary policy further ...

bankers today ruled out any immediate reduction in lending rates, saying any step in that direction will be determined by the ...

the reserve bank of india left interest rates unchanged in its policy review today but cut the cash reserve ratio for banks and ...

in a sequence with the substantive measures announced by the government since mid september, it was widely expected that to ...

the constellation of economic and financial indicators at the second quarter review of monetary policy point to persisting ...

concerned over the circulation of counterfeit currency, the rbi today said it will review the status of implementation of ...

the rbi s second quarter review of monetary policy, 2012-13 reiterates its view that price stability is the ...

ajay srinivasan, ceo, aditya birla financial services says about the rbi policy that, no doubt, india s central bank ...

the reserve bank today announced a slew of measures, including a simplification of the stringent kyc (know-your-customer) norms, ...

as requests for loan recasts hit all-time high and are set to top rs 3.25 lakh crore this fiscal, rbi today raised the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) kept the key policy rate the repo rate - unchanged at 8%, but reduced the cash reserve ...

rbi governor d subbarao today said its monetary stance is aimed at reinforcing the government s policy actions that will have a ...

showing concerns over hardening inflation, the reserve bank today left the key interest rate unchanged but reduced cash reserve ...

central bank of india is eyeing total business of rs 10,000 crore from home loan segment this year. the bank has been ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) faces growing pressure to cut interest rates later on tuesday for the first time since april ...

the measures announced by the government lack implementation details and might not be enough to contain the fiscal deficit at 5.3 ...

india inc s capacity utilisation hit a three-year low in the first three months of this financial year due to slow growth ...

bank of india has posted a drop of 38.5 per cent in net profit to rs 301.1 crore for the quarter ended september, owing to a ...

chennai-based public sector lender indian overseas bank (iob), which has exposure of rs 120 crore to cash-strapped kingfisher ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday said though policy reforms had boosted the secondary market, more steps were required ...

the deceleration in credit growth at the end of september is sharper for public sector banks (psbs) compared to those in the ...

indian overseas bank (iob) today cut its credit growth target for the fiscal to around 16-18% from 22% due to the slowdown in ...

the economic indicators might not give reason for the reserve bank of india (rbi) to cut rates in its second quarter review of ...

ahead of the reserve bank s monetary policy review on tuesday, bankers today said the central bank should focus more on growth as ...

students getting admission in top educational institutions, such as the iims, may soon get education loans at lower rates. the ...

swiss bank ubs ag is expected to cut up to 10,000 jobs, or 16 per cent of its workforce, as it contends with shrinking revenue ...

mangalore-based public sector lender corporation bank is awaiting regulatory approvals to upgrade its overseas representative ...

seeking to aggressively expand business in the retail segment, corporation bank today said it aims at providing rs 7,000 crore ...

chairman and managing director, m narendra, said the bank had to restructure some big accounts, which affected the ...

infrastucture lender idfc posted a nine per cent drop in net profit at rs 380 crore, on a consolidated basis, due to a fall in ...

punjab and sind bank on friday said its net profit for the july-september period fell 20.8 per cent to rs 117.07 crore against rs ...

state-run united bank of india on friday said its net profit for the quarter ended september 30 increased 16 per cent to rs 144.6 ...

punjab national bank (pnb) on friday posted 11.57 decline in its net profit at rs 1,066 crore for the quarter ended september, ...

icici bank, the largest private sector lender in the country, breezed past street estimates with better-than-expected earnings, ...

vikram pandit s last day at citigroup swung from celebratory to devastating in a matter of minutes. having fielded ...

bangalore-based public sector lender canara bank has signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with kendriya vidyalaya (kv) ...

indian overseas bank (iob) plans to merge two regional rural banks (rrbs) belonging to bank of india and uco bank with its own ...

indian overseas bank (iob) to merge two of regional rural banks (rrbs) belonging to bank of india and uco banks with iob s ...

mangalore-based public sector lender corporation bank plans to shed bulk deposits worth around rs 8000 crore by march 2013. its ...

rating agency crisil has downgraded the rating on long-term facilities of idf financial services, a bangalore-based finance ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) on thursday reported an 80 per cent increase in net profit to rs 302 crore for the second ...

kotak mahindra bank reported a 16 per rise in its consolidated net profit to rs 502 crore for the second quarter (july-september) ...

faced with higher defaults, banks have become more cautious on non-investment-grade corporate loans. they have started pushing ...

a majority of india inc have little expectations from rbi s second quarter monetary policy review on october 30 given the ...

the finance ministry has asked large public sector banks (psbs) to hand-hold smaller counterparts to improve the latter s ...

private equity players seem to be finding hospitals as healthy investments and health-care providers have been cashing in on the ...

the indian logistics sector is turning out to be a hot destination for private equity investors, with the government allowing ...

private equity (pe) investments in small-ticket deals are on the rise. experts say funds prefer deals below $15 million (rs 80 ...

mumbai angels, one of india s first angel investing clubs, is on its way to launching a maiden sidecar fund of about $20 ...

in march 2008, the justice department made an extraordinary request it asked a judge for permission to record secretly the phone ...

banks are again pushing credit card sales and their unsecured loans portfolio by targeting customers without an existing ...

mangalore-based public sector lender corporation bank on wednesday launched a festival loan bonanza for smes with retrospective ...

bank of maharashtra posted a 65.3 per cent rise in net profit, at rs 166 crore, in the second quarter ended september, on better ...

the decision to raise the interest rate on savings deposit in october 2011 has benefited yes bank in garnering a significant ...

this is a 30.2 per cent jump compared with the same period a year ago, on the back of impressive growth in net interest income ...

rizal commercial banking corporation, a private bank in the philippines, has implemented finacle core banking solution from ...

royal bank of canada, the nation s largest lender, agreed to buy ally financial inc s canadian auto-finance and ...

finance minister p chidambaram on tuesday asked banks and financial institutions not to hesitate in giving loans to the poor, ...

lic housing finance, the country s second largest in the segment, has planned to raise rs 1,150 crore through a qualified ...

government-owned life insurance corporation (lic), the country s largest institutional investor, says it s not into ...

yes bank is likely to go for an acquisition in its securities broking business. last month the bank received the reserve bank of ...

these bank notes will bear the rupee symbol on the observe and the reverse with inset letter e in both the numbering panels, ...

mid-sized private lender yes bank has received board approval to foray into the mutual funds business, chief executive officer ...

l t finance holdings limited on monday announced 100 per cent acquisition of familycredit ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary of ...

a substantial reduction in high-cost deposits and an improved yield on credit extended to the retail and medium and small-scale ...

bank of baroda (bob) posted an 11.6 per cent rise in net profit to rs 1,301 crore for the july-september quarter, on the back of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is working on a way to include liquidity held by banks under the current mandate to get ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc), the country s largest housing finance company, posted a 19 per cent rise in ...

the reserve bank is likely to keep the key interest rate unchanged in its october 30 monetary policy because of inflationary ...

rbi deputy governor anand sinha today said the central bank is looking at a move under which a part of banks statutory liquidity ...

ubs is to cut 3,000-5,000 jobs as part of cost-saving measures to offset falling profit, while rival swiss bank credit suisse may ...

the country is likely to see addition of over 1 lakh atms in the next four years with banks expanding their rural and semi-urban ...

the memos submitted by the government and defence lawyers for the former goldman sachs director rajat k gupta present sharply ...

kochi-based private sector lender federal bank recorded a net profit of rs 215.10 crore for the quarter ended september, a rise ...

public sector lender indian bank on saturday reported a rise of about six per cent in net profit for the quarter ended september ...

the south indian bank recorded a net profit of rs 220.18 crore for the second quarter against rs 177.44 crore for the ...

ing vysya bank has reported a 30 per cent rise in profit at rs 150.2 crore for the second quarter against rs 115.4 crore in the ...

chief minister n kiran kumar reddy on friday said interest on farm loans would will be directly credited to banks by the state ...

non-banking financial company l t finance holdings reported a net profit of rs 144 crore for the quarter ended september, a ...

ending months of uncertainty, the plan to restructure loans to deccan chronicle holdings is off the table, as the leading lender ...

dena bank, under its festive offer, has waived process fee by 100% for housing loans and car loans and 50% for personal loans and ...

private sector lender, axis bank limited has informed that the gujarat high court has approved the scheme of arrangement among ...

the country s largest bank, the state bank of india (sbi), is eyeing aggressive targets as it looks at doubling its home ...

india s securitisation market is adjusting well to the revised securitisation guidelines issued by the reserve bank of ...

magma fincorp, a kolkata-based asset finance company, on thursday said its net profit for the quarter ended september 30 this ...

a goldman sachs report on thursday suggested setting a formal inflation target by the government for anchoring ...

the low penetration of general insurance companies is a major concern, said m ramaprasad, member, insurance regulatory and ...

the election commission of india (eci) is casting its net wider to keep a tab on poll expenses and suspicious transactions during ...

liquidity deficit in the banking system is at a four-month high, owing to the outflow of funds from banks due to the festive ...

the liquidity deficit in the system is almost near to four months high due to outflow of funds from banks due to the festive ...

corporation bank chairman and managing director ajai kumar on thursday denied that the bank gave any overdraft facility to sky ...

the reserve bank should cut interest rate in its forthcoming monetary policy review to check india s growth from slipping below ...

earnings of large companies are going to come under the scanner this season. over the last few quarters, banks have seen a sharp ...

lic housing finance has been seeing a decline in its net interest margins over the past five quarters due to a decline in its ...

india s largest bank state bank of india (sbi) has opened two more branches in south africa, one in chatsworth and the other in ...

interest rates on education loans may soon go down and students seeking such loans will not be turned away by banks for lack of ...

bank credit growth picked up for the fortnight ended october 5, growing by rs 42,895 crore to rs 48,09,384 crore, said the ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) on wednesday brought out a proposal to include paint material in the ...

the norms for external commercial borrowings (ecbs) by housing finance companies (hfcs) are expected to get some leeway from the ...

liquidity deficit in the banking system is at a three-and-a-half-month high, owing to festive season demand from banks and weekly ...

heeding the demand of bankers, the reserve bank of india on wednesday revised priority sector lending norms. loans up to rs 2 ...

bangalore-based dynamatic technologies, which designs and builds highly engineered products for aerospace and automotive sectors, ...

even as india-focused private equity (pe) firms are struggling to raise funds, a slew of venture capital (vc) fund managers are ...

vikram pandit, who stepped down on wednesday as citigroup inc s chief executive officer, said he doesn t regret any ...

indian banker and environmental economist pavan sukhdev is the latest goodwill ambassador for the united nations environment ...

mangalore-based private sector lender karnataka bank has registered 2.85 times increase in net profit at rs 117.19 crore for the ...

with the advent of the festival season bank credit growth has picked up and this is evident from the fact that for the fortnight ...

indusind bank has picked three banks including morgan stanley and asia-pacific brokerage clsa for a sale of shares that could ...

national australia bank (nab) has announced the appointment of spiro pappas as chief executive officer, asia, responsible for ...

with the advent of the festival season liquidity has tightened again. banks borrowed rs 86,260 crore under the repo auction of ...

for home loans of up to rs 25 lakh, the processing fee is 0.12 per cent per cent of the loan amount, subject to a minimum of rs ...

banks have reduced their borrowings by way of certificate of deposits (cds) after the finance ministry issued norms that required ...

at a time when banks are struggling to find buyers for the loans, farmers in chhattisgarh have defiant the practice reportedly ...

would i have done bear stearns again knowing what i know today jamie dimon asked almost rhetorically last week at the ...

axis bank plans to increase the share of its retail lending from the present 26 per cent of the total loan book to 30 per cent by ...

citigroup inc directors ousted chief executive officer vikram pandit after concluding that he had mismanaged operations, leading ...

axis bank, india s third-largest private sector lender, says it has classified its loans to deccan chronicle holdings ltd ...

with the losses of general insurance companies mounting due to the obligatory third-party insurance on motor vehicles, the ...

when michael l corbat was an all-conference lineman on the harvard football team 30 years ago, he seemed better positioned for ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor subir gokarn said even though monetary policy has a limited role in controlling ...

lenders to the debt-laden wind energy company, suzlon energy ltd, have begun examining the option of taking the company to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is working with the government to set aside funds for buying illiquid gilts from the market. ...

citigroup inc chief executive vikram pandit resigned abruptly on tuesday, effective immediately, a shock change at the top of the ...

foreign fund houses -- clsa (mauritius) and credit suisse (singapore)-- today sold yes bank shares worth rs 429 crore through the ...

customers of idbi bank can now search for the nearest branch or atm on google maps using an application the bank s website. ...

if you have a good credit score from a credit bureau, it is not necessary that you may get a loan at a lower rate. but you could ...

citing a study by the basel committee, reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor anand sinha said that the growth in gross ...

it was time foreign-headquartered banks in india did far more for the agriculture and small and medium enterprises (sme) sectors, ...

canara bank, which has been asked by the finance ministry to conduct forensic audit of the accounts of hyderabad-based deccan ...

private sector lender axis bank posted net profits of rs 1,124 crore for the second quarter (july-september). this is a 22 per ...

the american civil liberties union is accusing morgan stanley of fueling the production of risky, expensive loans that targeted ...

truck finance company shriram transport finance company (stfc) plans to enter the gold loan business from november. but the ...

with inflation remaining high in september, it will be difficult for the reserve bank of india (rbi) to reduce the key policy ...

citigroup inc said quarterly profit plunged on a $4.7 billion write-down of its stake in a brokerage operated by morgan stanley, ...

royal bank of scotland has suspended a senior rates trader as part of an internal probe into the setting of libor and other ...

private sector icici bank has entered into a memorandum of understanding (mou) with ecobank transnational incorporated (africa) ...

the lifting of the ceiling on loans against non-resident deposits is a substantial move and may have been prompted by the easing ...

leading financial research and securities player nomura india will come up with a dedicated index aimed at capturing the extent ...

gilt yields are expected to move in a narrow range this week, but traders are awaiting the numbers for wholesale price index ...

federal reserve chairman ben bernanke said on sunday it was far from clear that the us central bank s highly stimulative ...

shareholding of overseas institutional investors in hdfc has risen to 68.72% -- the highest level in five-and-a-half years -- ...

state bank of india (sbi) deputy managing director s b nayar today said despite a slowdown in credit offtake, the bank expected ...

oil marketing companies indian oil corporation (ioc) and bharat petroleum (bpcl) on saturday swung into action with an appeal to ...

state bank of india (sbi) today said it expects a loan growth of 16-18% in the current fiscal despite a general slowdown in ...

wells fargo co, the most valuable us bank and largest mortgage lender, said third-quarter profit increased 22 per cent as ...

credit (loans) growth slowed in the first half of the financial year while deposits swelled, widening the gap between growth in ...

bpo firm firstsource solutions is in talks with foreign currency convertible bond (fccb) investors to issue new bonds. crisil has ...

hdfc bank, the country s second largest private sector lender, on friday reported its 52nd consecutive quarter of over 30 ...

jpmorgan chase co posted record quarterly profits on friday, up 34 per cent from a year earlier, as low interest rates and ...

credit growth slowed in the first half of current financial year leading to widening of gap between growth in bank deposits and ...

in august, indian companies raised $2.36 billion through external commercial borrowing (ecb) and foreign currency convertible ...

seven out of 10 users change their mind about financial products and brands after they research about the products on the ...

the insurance sector has two new entrants. religare health insurance has begun as a standalone health insurance player, while ...

the curious dealings of robert vadra have become even more curious, with a bank mentioned in the balance sheet of one of his ...

icici bank has cut its floating rate on home loans by up to 100 basis points until december end, the country s second-largest ...

a day after s p downgraded its credit rating over asset quality concern, state bank of india (sbi) today said it is hopeful ...

icici bank, the largest private sector lender in the country, is the latest to pare its home loan rates as part of its festive ...

we have launched launched a special festival campaign for housing and vehicle loan borrowers with concessional rate of ...

we are studying the rbi order and will take necessary remedial measures expeditiously, the bank said in a statement ...

though the roads and power portfolios have disappointed private equity (pe) investors, other essential public utilities such as ...

private equity major carlyle s complete exit from leading mortgage lender hdfc has given a strong signal to pe investors in ...

as chief executive of cafe coffee day, naresh malhotra oversaw the expansion of the chain during its formative years and was a ...

infrastructure companies might now get foreign currency loans at about half the prevailing market prices, with the uk arm of ...

standard poor s on wednesday lowered the standalone credit profile of two state-owned lenders, the state bank of ...

indusind bank on wednesday said its net profit for the quarter ended september 30 rose 30 per cent from a year ago to rs 250 ...

five years after it offered a generous overdraft facility to robert vadra s sky light hospitality, corporation bank has ...

relaxing norms for foreign-owned nbfcs to open subsidiaries, the rbi today said such entities can now set up arms even if the ...

mangalore-based private sector lender karnataka bank has engaged management consultancy firm kpmg for its business process ...

standard poor s today lowered the stand-alone credit profile of two government-owned lenders- the state bank of india and ...

bangalore-based public sector lender vijaya bank is aiming at mobilising rs 7,000 crore deposits under v-vaibhav, a one-year term ...

global rating agency standard poor s (s p) ratings services has affirmed its negative rating on seven public sector ...

tata aig general insurance today announced a strategic agreement with axis bank to act as its corporate agent for general ...

infrastructure companies may now get foreign currency loans at about half of the prevailing market prices with the uk arm of ...

with an aim of increasing its retail loan portfolio, the bangalore-based public sector lender canara bank has introduced a new ...

the insurance regulator has come put with a revised set of draft regulations on bancassurance tie-ups. bancassurance refers to ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has made an attempt to lure insurance companies to invest in infrastructure ...

the india infrastructure finance company ltd (iifcl) is planning to have a subsidiary in singapore to raise resources from the ...

be prepared to shell out a little more on your insurance premiums and receive less value if you decide to exit your policy before ...

the country s largest private lender, icici bank, and bangalore-based ing vysya bank were penalised by the reserve bank of ...

health insurers in india may not be feeling quite well after the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) proposed a ...

in a bid to increase attractiveness of unit linked products, insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has proposed ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has identified 18 products categories for standardisation. product ...

the international monetary fund is cutting its global economic forecasts yet again, calling the risks of a slowdown ...

the surge in education loans offered by state-run banks in the last decade is coming back to haunt the lenders. some public ...

the euro zone economy faces a long, uphill road to recovery and the bloc is still suffering from a crisis of confidence, european ...

country s largest private lender icici bank and bangalore based ing vysya bank were penalised by the reserve bank of india ...

state bank of india today said it is witnessing early signs of revival in credit growth as mid-corporates have started seeking ...

debit cards continue to gain market share from credit cards, and the use of electronic and mobile payments continues to show ...

the federal reserve chairman ben bernanke will meet the rbi governor duvvuri subbarao on october 10th at the rbi head quarters to ...

moody s investors service has assigned a baa2 rating to syndicate bank s proposed issuance of long-term senior ...

the surge in education loans offered by state-run banks in the last decade is coming back to haunt the lenders. some of the ...

punjab national bank (pnb) has raised rs 2,400 crore savings deposits through a two-month special savings fund campaign, which ...

ing vysya bank on monday announced a top-level change in its retail banking division. the retail division will now be structured ...

the developing economies of east asia will grow less rapidly this year than previously expected, the world bank said on monday, ...

the finance ministry is exploring options to speed up the process of issuing new bank licences, though the banking laws ...

british lender barclays is set to rejig its top management in india. the move will see jaideep khanna become the country head and ...

while bankers have demanded the reserve bank of india (rbi) cut its cash reserve ratio (crr) specification, economists are ...

reserve bank of india deputy governor k c chakrabarty on monday said loans to kingfisher airlines did not pose a systemic risk to ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) on monday approved the transfer of shares from existing shareholders of ...

banks performance in the july-september is expected to be a mixed bag. public sector banks might report a subdued growth ...

the finance ministry is exploring options to speed up the process of issuing new bank licenses while the banking laws (amendment) ...

fitch ratings today said that majority of indian banks appear resilient to the mounting asset quality pressure and have ...

hdfc bank, the second largest private sector lender in the country, today said it has opened its first representative office in ...

now, get gifts for depositing money in your savings account. hdfc bank, the second largest private sector lender in the country, ...

european diplomats discussing the possibility of a separate budget to improve monetary union in the euro zone are considering a ...

even as the centre and the reserve bank of india say a cut in the subsidy bill is important in reducing inflation and the fiscal ...

the rupee s rise is expected to boost the second quarter results of companies with large amounts of foreign debt, as they ...

non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) are slowing their fund-raising plans in the second half of the financial year, generally ...

the finance ministry s proposal to allow insurance companies to invest in aa-rated securities will broaden investment ...

banks seem to be taking away all the cream when it comes to earning commissions from sale of mutual funds, as there are as many ...

state-run corporation bank is targeting to increase its net interest margin (nim) up to 2.60% by the december quarter given the ...

leading private sector lender hdfc bank will double the fees charged on cash payments made towards credit card bills to rs 100 ...

as part of its reforms process, the government on thursday announced many amendments to the companies bill, which post ...

with the cabinet clearing the proposal of 49 per cent foreign direct investment (fdi), the next logical step should have been ...

the rise in the cap on foreign direct investment in the insurance sector is just one aspect of the insurance laws (amendment) ...

the days when wall street banks could blithely hand out half their revenue in compensation to their staff without a murmur from ...

the government has cleared promotion of three general managers in public sector banks as executive directors in other state-run ...

foreign tourist arrival growth slowed to 3.2 per cent this september, compared to the 8.7 per cent witnessed in the corresponding ...

toilets in indian railways coaches will soon witness a makeover. the idea is for the conventional open lavatories to be replaced ...

the increase in the foreign direct investment (fdi) limit in the insurance sector might attract rs 30,000 crore that the industry ...

ahead of the festive season, the high cost of funds and sluggish credit growth have prompted public sector banks to consider ...

the downgrades reflect the deterioration in tata power s credit quality as a result of the impact of weak coal ...

the mandatory reference of mergers and acquisitions (m as) in the financial sector to the competition commission of india ...

most bankers want further cuts in the cash reserve ratio (crr). this was revealed when the reserve bank of india (rbi) took a ...

state bank of india (sbi) on friday ruled out any further lending to kingfisher airlines. the company does not have any ...

the message to the reserve bank of india (rbi) is loud and clear from the corridors of north block frame the final ...

andhra bank today appointed satish kumar kalra as the executive director of the bank. prior to this, kalra held the position of a ...

the net non-performing assets (npas) of indian banks may surge by 27% to rs 2,00,000 crore by end of the current fiscal, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is to issue a position paper on educational loans. the effort would be to push the education loan ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday said the government s final data on the fiscal deficit for this financial year ...

on tuesday last week, state bank of india (sbi) reduced its base rate (br) by 25 basis points (bps) to 9.75 per cent, becoming ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is in correspondence with the government to look into ways to bring in new rules to accommodate ...

credit information bureau (india) ltd and transunion on thursday announced the launch of the latest version of the credit score ...

stocks rose for a fourth session on thursday following encouraging comments by european central bank president mario draghi on ...

the president of the european central bank gave a guardedly upbeat assessment of the situation in the euro zone thursday, saying ...

there is some good news for employees of the ailing kingfisher airlines. lenders have decided to release money from bank accounts ...

mumbai based public sector lender central bank of india will add 1,750 automated teller machines (atms) to its network by the end ...

brent crude oil rose almost $2 per barrel on thursday after skirmishes along the turkey-syria border raised fresh concerns over ...

bringing inflation further down will weigh on the reserve bank when it comes out with its next credit policy review on october ...

the comfortable liquidity prevailing in the system is expected to continue in the near term. however, in the near-term liquidity ...

prime minister s economic advisory council chairman c rangarajan on wednesday said he expected the rupee to stay at current ...

to attract big ticket investment in the beleaguered infrastructure sector, a high-level committee headed by hdfc chairman deepak ...

with the situation at the ailing kingfisher airlines ltd turning grave, lenders to the vijay mallya-controlled carrier have ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) data released on wednesday showed that deposit growth in banks continued to be more impressive ...

shubhalakshmi panse took charge as chairman and managing director of state run allahabad bank replacing j p dua who had retired ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) on wednesday said it would soon come up with norms to prevent arbitrary ...

several large public sector banks may see their profits in the quarter ended september being eroded, with the reserve bank of ...

towards this, it has acquired deccan career point, a city-based bank exam coaching outfit, and has launched bankers choice , a ...

activity in europe fell to $61.4 billion, a 30.7 per cent drop from the $88.6 billion announced in 2011. asia-pacific (excluding ...

west bengal-based bandhan is planning to raise up to rs 100 crore as non convertible debentures (ncd) by the end of this ...

the country s largest microfinance institution, west bengal-based bandhan, is planning to enter the retail business, under ...

manipal global, the rs 1,000-crore higher education services provider from the manipal group, is closing in on a deal to provide ...

global rating agency standard poor s on wednesday assigned bbb- rating for the proposed issue of indian railway ...

deposit growth in banking system continued to be more impressive than credit growth in the current financial year. this is ...

after most public sector banks which are offering home loans at base rates, today private sector federal bank also announced its ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is expected to intervene at around rs 52 per dollar levels in order to smoothen the currency s ...

india s june quarter current account deficit is still outside the comfort zone, reserve bank of india s deputy governor subir ...

exporters are no longer concerned about the appreciating rupee, as their treasuries are actively hedging receivables extreme ...

banks in the european union must split their most risky activities into legally separate units to safeguard the financial system ...

it is a $1-trillion game use it or lose it. the private equity world is sitting on that 13-figure sum. it s what the ...

shubhalaxmi panse is the new chairperson and managing director of allahabad bank, following the government orders on her ...

ahead of the festive season, a sluggish credit growth, coupled with high cost of funds, has prompted public sector banks to ...

yes bank, the fourth largest private sector lender, in the country plans to develop co-operative tourism in rural bengal that ...

the second phase of amalgamation of regional rural banks (rrb) is expecting to begin this month, with at least ten state level ...

finance minister p chidambaram today announced a revival package for the life insurance sector. the steps include easing ...

oil-rich iran s currency crashed nine per cent to a record low of 32,500 rials against the dollar in early trade on monday. ...

cr dit agricole, the big french bank, said monday it had begun exclusive talks to sell its greek unit, emporiki, to alpha ...

we expect that a highly accommodative stance of monetary policy will remain appropriate for a considerable time after the ...

markets have begun to sound bugle for turnaround in economic sentiment but there is no let up in number of companies knocking ...

the us and european union may fail to fully implement bank-capital rules drawn up to prevent a repeat of the financial crisis ...

the banking system s non-performing assets (npas) in 2011-12 were the highest in the last five years, according to reserve ...

not immediately, santosh nayar, deputy managing director of state bank of india, told business standard. in an ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) s exposure draft on a standard insurance product for the rural ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) might ask banks to improve monetary transmission by cutting lending rates in response to the ...

non-performing assets (npas) in the banking system were highest in last five years, according to the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

public sector lenders, punjab national bank (pnb), union bank of india (ubi) and oriental bank of commerce (obc) revised their ...

dhanlaxmi bank plans to raise around rs 200 crore to strengthen its capital base. the board of directors of the bank at meeting ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has recommended the government extend the tenure of one of its deputy governors, anand sinha, by ...

the corridors of power may have already started talking about green shoots of recovery following the recent mini-reforms but the ...

united bank of india (ubi) has given more importance to rural banking in jharkhand. it has spread its banking business through a ...

bangalore-based network security professional ashish rao started using mobile banking earlier this year, and he has largely ...

state bank of india (sbi) expects loan offtake by the industry, especially small and medium enterprises (smes), to increase on ...

spain s banks have a capital deficit of euro 59.3 billion ($76.3 billion), less than previously estimated, according to a ...

sometimes modern finance has a great need for something, and so bankers invent products that appear to fill that need. when it ...

so much for complacency. just a few days ago, the conventional wisdom was that europe finally had things under control. the ...

the controversy over the relevance of cash reserve ratio (crr) has resurrected with hdfc bank, india s second biggest private ...

state bank of india (sbi) is expecting that the loan offtake by the industry, especially the small and medium enterprises ...

the hysteria surrounding bad debts of banks is unwanted as the country s banking system is robust profitable enough to absorb ...

india s current account deficit (cad) for the first quarter ended june declined to $16.4 billion from $17.4 billion in ...

kotak mahindra capital, the prestigious investment banking arm of kotak mahindra bank is building a more dominant position in ...

yes bank today said it has received approval from the reserve bank of india (rbi) to start equity broking business. the bank will ...

the rupee rose to a near five-month high on friday as global risk sentiment improved, and the government stuck to its original ...

stressing growth has to be inclusive, reserve bank of india governor duvvuri subbarao on thursday said otherwise it would have no ...

public sector lender corporation bank will take a call on lending rates by mid-october. we are examining the current ...

the rupee on thursday touched a 20-week high of rs 53 to a dollar. while the revival is welcome, experts say sharp appreciation ...

the drop in gold imports and soft global oil prices could bring down cad to below 3.5 per cent of gross domestic product (gdp) in ...

savings bank deposits might fetch lower returns. for the first time since rates on these were deregulated in october 2011, ...

greater bombay cooperative bank ( greater bank), announced today that will be allowing customers to get loans against their gold ...

indian bank on wednesday said its exposure to state electricity boards (sebs) was limited, adding it hadn t received any ...

public sector lender corporation bank will take a call on lending rates by mid- october. we are examining the current ...

there is trouble brewing at bangalore-based mchek, one of the earliest companies in the mobile payment segment. sources in the ...

with an eye on the largely untapped prepaid travel card business in india, american express has rolled out its global travel ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) will soon develop a mechanism for faster approval of insurance policies ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) on wednesday issued a draft set of rules to revamp the indian institute ...

fund managers are expecting higher returns from duration funds, amid falling interest rates. short-term rates could fall further ...

after successfully starting, scaling and exiting four companies it t, customerasset, marketics and tutorvista ...

bangalore-based online bus ticket booking service provider travelyaari, part of mantis technologies, plans to raise $10 million ...

thyrocare technologies, a mumbai-based medical diagnostics services provider, has raised about rs 120 crore from private equity ...

with india on its way to becoming the third-largest automotive market, the automobile components industry has seen a spurt in ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has not yet seen any immediate fallout in india from the us federal reserve s third round ...

greece s international lenders are at loggerheads over how to solve athens debt crisis, threatening more trouble for ...

networking solutions firm cisco today announced availability of its connected atm solution that will help banks in india deploy ...

public sector lender corporation bank may take a call on lending rates by mid of october this year. we are examining the ...

kolhapur-based ratnakar bank saw a net profit growth of over 100% last year, but this year it is expecting the growth to ...

in a new twist to the ongoing case between the board of control for cricket in india (bcci) and deccan chronicle holdings ltd ...

taking a cue from the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), which cut its base rate by 25 basis points (bps) ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked banks not to treat kingfisher airlines brand as collateral since it is ...

nomura holdings inc is reorganising its global finance team in asia outside of japan, according to an internal memo, as chief ...

restructured assets in the banking system will shrink by 15 per cent from march 2012 levels, due to the debt restructuring ...

foreign institutional investors (fii) on tuesday invested a whopping $1.1 billion into indian stocks adding to their year s ...

at a time when most foreign banks in india are looking at opening more branches, british lender barclays has decided to close ...

lenders with exposure to deccan chronicle holdings ltd (dchl) on tuesday postponed a decision on admitting the cash-strapped ...

sheila c bair, who tormented wall street and its washington allies as a banking regulator, is taking a fresh swipe at her foes in ...

for promoting financial literacy among the school students, the reserve bank of india (rbi) for the first time is conducting an ...

ntpc became the first company to benefit from lower withholding tax on external commercial borrowing (ecb) when it raised $500 ...

sebi (securities and exchange board of india) introduced asba (application supported by blocked amount) facility in 2008, under ...

following the cut in base rate by country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi), india s second largest private bank hdfc ...

hdfc bank in association with diners club international, a business unit of discover financial services, launched a range of ...

kotak mahindra, which hiked its rates from four per cent to six per cent about 10 months ago, has recently claimed that the move ...

having secured the debt recast package is just half a battle won. banks want ailing state power distribution companies to ...

within the next six months, government-owned insurance companies would have an in-house third-party administrator (tpa) system, ...

lenders to vijay mallya s troubled kingfisher airlines will meet on thursday with the latter s management to discuss ...

state bank of india (sbi), india s largest bank, had excess liquidity to the tune of rs 70,000-80,000 crore, said chairman ...

the chief executive (ceo) of a small private sector bank was aghast to find senior officials of two large state-owned banks ...

crisil on monday said banks might take a hit of rs 4,500 crore on net present value (npv) of loans given to the state electricity ...

the country s chief insurance regulator on monday rapped various aspects of the sector s functioning, saying ...

state bank of india today said though there is little room for further reduction in the base rate, it could cut lending rates in ...

bank of baroda is planning to hire around 20,000 people over the next four years and will add more than 500 domestic, ...

k r kamath, chairman and managing director (cmd) of punjab national bank, will become the new chairman of the india banks ...

the liquidity deficit might remain under check towards the end of the second quarter this financial year. this is due to a cut in ...

in yet another example of the growing convergence of views between north block and mint road, the finance ministry has decided to ...

after a slew of foreign direct investment (fdi) reforms and measures to revive market sentiments, the government will now come up ...

the punjab national bank (pnb) s long cherished dream of opening a branch in the pakistan city from where it started its ...

following the finance ministry asking banks to boost up lending to the residential housing projects, the lenders now want the ...

next time you go to an atm to withdraw cash, don t worry about the banknotes getting sucked back by the machine if not collected ...

it wasn t long ago that goldman sachs was painted as an outsize villain of the financial crisis, and its future seemed ...

after cutting its base rate last tuesday by 25 basis points, the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), on saturday ...

after cutting its base rate last tuesday by 25 basis points, country s largest lender state bank of india, today reduced its ...

rising interest rates and high prices over the last year have impacted the repaying capacity of small home loan borrowers with ...

k r kamath, chairman and managing director (cmd) of punjab national bank will become the new chairman of india banks ...

standard chartered, the british bank at the center of accusations that it illegally funneled money for iranian banks and ...

stepping up their movement against the nuclear project, the anti-kudankulam nuclear power plant (knpp) protesters have threatened ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today issued a draft proposal on a composite standard insurance product ...

the export-import bank of india (exim bank) is considering supporting indian companies in exploring potential project exports in ...

the growth in retail credit this festival season, despite interest rate cuts, could be slower. bankers say the slowing economy ...

the rupee, which ended at a four-and-a-half-month closing high on friday, is expected to strengthen further in the near term. the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on friday stressed on the importance of dynamic or expected loan loss provisioning in order to ...

sbi today reclaimed its position as the country s most valued bank with a total market valuation of over rs 1.48 lakh crore, ...

reserve bank deputy governor anand sinha today said banks asset quality has deteriorated in recent times due to the gloomy ...

the reduction in base rate will bring down the interest rate on all loans with floating rate of interest linked to base rate and ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has projected a credit outlay of rs 85,000 crore for odisha ...

mahindra insurance brokers (mibl), a subsidiary of mahindra finance, on thursday signed a strategic partnership with leapfrog ...

deposit accretion in banks continues to outpace loan disbursements this financial year. the trend prompted lending rate and ...

weakness in its business model led to a decline in dhanl-axmi bank s profitability, stated its new chief executive, p g ...

the sudden increase in borrowings by banks under the reserve bank of india (rbi) s daily liquidity adjustment facility ...

it s certainly not a good time to be a banker, says the chief executive of a private sector bank. while he claims the bank ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) chairman j hari narayan on thursday said overall growth in the insurance ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has once again voiced concerns on separation of debt management office (dmo) from central bank. ...

within a couple of days of the country s largest lender sbi announcing an interest cut, bank of america merill lynch ...

credit growth in indian banks grew 1.2% as of september 7 from the start of the financial year in april, picking up ...

deposit accretion in banks continued to outpace loan disbursements in the current financial year. the trend prompted lending rate ...

banks borrowing at reserve bank of india s liquidity adjustment facility (laf) today rose sharply to rs 85,295 crore, a day ...

the japanese central bank moved to ease monetary policy on wednesday, saying it would buy larger quantities of government bonds ...

public sector lender corporation bank will rejig its organisation structure and undertake business process re-engineering at its ...

motilal oswal private equity advisors (mope), a wholly owned subsidiary of financial services group motilal oswal financial ...

sadananda maiya, one of the key figures in developing india s ready-to-eat segment into a strong rs 800-crore market, is ...

the government s decision to allow foreign retailers to set up supermarkets in the country is likely to spur private equity ...

despite a change at the helm, the ajay piramal-owned realty private equity (pe) firm indiareit advisors fund-raising ...

impact investing, which focuses on social as well as financial outcomes, is slowly gaining ground in india. with about a dozen ...

general insurance companies planning to tap the capital market for funds should have 10 year experience and will have to seek ...

a day after the country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) slashed its base rate, a couple of public sector banks have ...

investments by rich overseas entities through participatory notes into indian markets rose to five-month high of rs 1,41,710 ...

the state bank of india has cut its base rate, the minimum interest rate at which it lends, by 25 basis points to 9.75 percent ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has approved the re-appointment of ananthakrishna as part-time chairman of mangalore-based ...

the reform measures announced by the government in recent days may be just the beginning. the government has lined up several ...

oil refiner and marketing company hindustan petroleum corp ltd (hpcl) is planning to raise about $ 200 million (rs 1,080 crore) ...

credit information bureau limited (cibil), which has the credit history of about 220 million people, now has an unlikely ...

along with retail and aviation, the insurance sector is set to see an overhaul following a finance ministry intervention. the ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) on tuesday stated under the issue of capital and disclosure ...

shares of some state-owned banks and power finance companies rose sharply on tuesday on hopes the government would soon take a ...

once again, india inc is scouting for funds abroad. however, this time, it is willing to mop whatever little investors are ready ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on tuesday slammed banks for not transmitting monetary decisions of the central bank to the ...

the state bank of india cuts base rate by 0.25% to 9.75% effective thursday.

rbi governor d subbarao today appeared before a parliamentary panel and said he did not agree with the controversial finance ...

major western banks may have to scale back or even withdraw from some of asia s developing financial derivative markets due to ...

karnataka bank ltd, a fast emerging publicly-held private sector bank, has decided to drop plans to raise equity through a rights ...

state-owned exim bank (export and import bank of india) is negotiating with 24 indian firms to finance about $1.5 billion under ...

public sector allahabad bank said the demand for credit was picking up and this would enable the bank to achieve 17-18 per cent ...

following the recent reforms announced by the government and expectations of calming risks globally, the market is expecting the ...

tracking stock market movements, the rupee on monday surged to 53.66 a dollar on robust capital inflows but pared some gains to ...

taking the benefit of softening of bond yields in the global markets, idbi bank plans to raise about $500 million this week under ...

karnataka bank ltd, a publicly-held private sector bank, has decided to drop plans to raise equity through a rights issue. in the ...

metlife inc is set to pay close to rs 190 crore to jammu and kashmir bank for buying a part of its stake in their insurance joint ...

british investment banking firm barclays expects the yield on 10-year government bonds to move towards 7.5 per cent in the medium ...

the recent reforms announced by the government are perceived as steps in the right direction by rating agencies, and it might ...

kotak mahindra bank ltd, which aims 35 per cent growth in the current fiscal, has said its new segment of government business ...

global rating agency standard poor s (s p) today assigned bbb- rating, indicating investment grade, to the idbi ...

over 1,500 indian companies raised a whopping rs 2.39 lakh crore through private placement of debt securities or bonds in the ...

the rbi is waiting for the impact of the recent (reform policy related) statements to pan out before taking a call. the central ...

borrowers could see better days ahead as banks are expected to cut lending rates following the rbi s decision to unlock rs 17,000 ...

taking benefit of softening of bond yields in global markets, idbi bank plans to raise about $500 million this week under medium ...

reuters - the rbi left interest rates unchanged but cut the cash reserve ratio for banks, saying the primary focus of monetary ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday left interest rates unchanged but cut the cash reserve ratio for banks, saying the ...

the rbi left interest rates unchanged on monday b ut cut the cash reserve ratio for banks, saying the primary focus of monetary ...

lower deposit growth along with pressure on liquidity due to corporate advance tax outflow has prompted it to cut the cash ...

karnataka bank ltd, a fast emerging publicly held private sector bank, has decided to drop plans to raise equity through a rights ...

india s central bank on monday left interest rates unchanged but cut the cash reserve ratio for banks, saying the primary focus ...

the reserve bank of india on monday left interest rates unchanged but cut the cash reserve ratio for banks by 25 bps, saying the ...

a spate of long-delayed reforms unleashed by india to shore up government finances is unlikely to be rewarded by an immediate ...

fictitious trading and brazen gambling by a single individual could have brought down the swiss financial giant ubs, a british ...

lenders to the near-defunct zoom developers plan to club suits filed against the company to speed up legal action and save on ...

these (telecom) companies would have to try hard this time to bring in the funds and, quite clearly, they will have to ...

the finance ministry is actively looking into a proposal to infuse rs 4,000 crore in state bank of india to boost its capital ...

as an investment banker in new york city, poornima vardhan had all the right clothes power suits, cocktail dresses and jeans. ...

federal and state authorities are investigating a handful of major american banks for failing to monitor cash transactions in and ...

despite the overall gloom in the economy, the advance tax payment made by banks is higher for the period ending september this ...

despite the over all gloom in the economy, the advance tax payment made by banks is higher for the period ending september this ...

indian banks need to improve their systems and processes to identify early any stress on the quality of their loans, the reserve ...

planning to buy a house and want to search for properties on the internet real estate portals are the not the only options that ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has reiterated that controlling inflation is its top priority, dampening the hope of a rate cut ...

state bank of india, the country s largest public sector bank, does not expect an immediate cut in interest rates and cash ...

fuelled by capital inflows amid a favourable outcome from key domestic and global events, the rupee gained the most as compared ...

the government may have swallowed a bitter pill and raised diesel prices despite resistance from allies and the opposition, but ...

the rupee extended gains to hit a new two-and-a-half month high on friday afternoon on hopes the government would continue to ...

controlling inflation has always been a priority for the central bank, rbi deputy governor, kc chakrabarty said at an ...

the country s largest commercial bank state bank of india (sbi) today said given the present liquidity situation there may not be ...

the hike in diesel price and cap on subsidised cooking gas cylinders may not be enough to persuade d subbarao, governor of the ...

as we come closer to the policy, questions on possible monetary action either through a cut in cash reserve ratio (crr) and or ...

jpmorgan chase revealed another overhaul of its operations on wednesday, saying in an internal memo that it would revamp its ...

the federal reserve opened a new chapter on thursday in its efforts to accelerate the economic recovery, saying that it would ...

banks loans are set to grow at the slowest pace in a decade this financial year, as companies continue to shy away from ...

the rise in diesel prices three days ahead of its scheduled mid-quarter review of monetary policy will put pressure on the the ...

sbi cards, the second largest credit card issuer in the country, expects to wipe out its accumulated losses over the next ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is looking at making insurance policies more investor-friendly by ...

prepare to fork out a higher service charge while paying your credit card bill in cash. hdfc bank, the largest issuer of credit ...

the bank has also reduced car loan rates by 25 bps with interest rates ranging from 10.75% to 11.25%. the festival offer will be ...

indian banks loan book is set to grow at its slowest pace in a decade this financial year as corporates continue to shy away ...

three private sector banks hdfc bank, icici bank and axis bank have together announced a cut in deposit rates on september 12, ...

sbi cards, the second largest credit card issuer in the country, expects to wipe out its accumulated losses over the next three ...

prepare to fork out a higher service charge if you wish to pay your credit card bill by cash. hdfc bank, the largest issuer of ...

germany s constitutional court on wednesday gave chancellor angela merkel a significant victory in her bid to master the ...

this team of general partners has been together for the past 12 years, something rarely equalled in the indian venture capital ...

sbi cards payment services private limited (sbi cards), a joint venture between state bank of india and ge capital, is ...

ask property investment advisors, the property fund arm of ask group, plans to launch a $200 million (rs 1,100 crore) ...

private equity majors have been riding high on india s consumption story and sectors like banking, financial services and ...

the reserve bank of india sold dollars worth $785 million in july, data released by the central bank showed. the intervention in ...

expressing concern the enhanced interest rates have decelerated the growth prospects in the country, associated chambers of ...

fitch, the global rating agency, is to review india s sovereign rating in october-november, aiming to capture its fiscal ...

the top three private sector lenders in the country icici bank, hdfc bank, and axis bank have slashed interest ...

the growth of prepaid payment instruments (ppis) has not been encouraging despite favourable regulatory regime from the central ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has decided to change the way it monitors and supervises banks in order to make the process more ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) sold $785 million and did not buy any dollars in july, compared with net sales of $50 million in ...

the rupee rose to a three-week high on wednesday, tracking gains in global risk assets after germany s top court gave its ...

icici bank, the largest private sector lender in the country, has slashed interest rates on retail term deposits by 50 basis ...

banks that have higher proportion of deposits maturing in the second half of this financial year are likely to restrict further ...

thrissur-based south indian bank (sib) has raised equity capital of rs 442 crore through qualified institutional placement ...

the need for capital infusion from the government will come down if banks are able to improve profitability before the basel-iii ...

rush to park your money in a fixed deposit if you wish to earn high interest rates. for, it will not be long before most banks ...

the reserve bank of india today liberalised norms on using external commercial borrowings (ecbs) to repay loans, capital ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on tuesday relaxed guidelines for indian companies to raise money overseas through external ...

south indian bank board today approved allotment of 20 crore equity shares worth rs 443.6 crore to qualified institutional buyers ...

aggressive lending to the agriculture sector and exposure to high sector has led to a high ratio of non-performing assets (npa) ...

government has nominated the regional director, reserve bank of india, bhopal, p r ravimohan as the rbi nominee director of bank ...

the year 2011-12 may have been tough for oriental bank of commerce with dip in profit, decline in margin and rise in bad loans ...

the european central bank will become the main supervisor for euro zone banks under plans for a banking union to be detailed on ...

earth water group (ewg), a leading company in the water and wastewater management industry, on monday announced a fund raising ...

the business correspondents (bcs) model, which was encouraged by the reserve bank of india (rbi) to promote financial inclusion ...

chennai-headquartered nonbanking finance company shriram city union finance limited (shriram city) is planning to expand its ...

the microfinance institutions network (mfin), the representative body of microfinance institutions (mfis), has sought two ...

the andhra pradesh mahesh co-operative urban bank, a multi-state scheduled cooperative bank, has recorded a 26.04 per cent growth ...

housing development finance corp (hdfc), the largest mortgage lender in the country, on monday said it had converted the warrants ...

the government is expected to wait till january for announcing its higher borrowing requirement for the financial year, instead ...

bankers expecting a reduction in the cash reserve ratio (crr) at the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) mid-quarter ...

at a time when most indian and foreign banks are wary of lending to small and medium enterprises (sme) on asset quality concerns, ...

the rupee weakened on monday on account of dollar demand from oil refiners, but further losses were averted on hopes of more ...

reserve bank today said the liquidity situation currently is comfortable and indicated that monetary policy action in the ...

government-run bank of baroda (bob) today announced a 0.25% reduction in home loan rates across all categories and for both new ...

reuters market eye - rupee trading at 55.35 36, little changed from its previous close of 55.3550 3650, as dollar demand from oil ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is comfortable with the current liquidity situation at indian banks, deputy governor subir gokarn ...

rupee trading at 55.28 29 versus its previous close of 55.3550 3650 as weak u.s. jobs data post market hours on friday raises ...

the clamour for a crr and interest rate cut has been growing even as the reserve bank on monday said the liquidity situation ...

the national housing bank (nhb), a wholly-owned subsidiary of reserve bank of india, is looking at a disbursal of rs 4,000 crore ...

pointing to the tardy pace in giving thrust to electronic payment, the finance ministry has asked public sector banks (psbs) for ...

bank of baroda (bob) has joined the bandwagon of public sector lenders to cut the interest rate on retail (home and car) loans. ...

jpmorgan chase co s wrong-way bets on derivatives are the focus of an escalating investigation by a us senate panel ...

the european union s 19th crisis summit was winding down when european central bank president mario draghi made an unusual ...

kotak mahindra bank will increase branches network in the country from the current 375 branches to 500 branches by 2014, a senior ...

reserve bank of india has allowed indian entities to make direct investment in pakistan, giving push for bilateral trade and ...

finance minister p chidambaram will soon have to decide whether to stick by his predecessor s choice of former reserve bank ...

it is that time of the year when home buyers expect banks to offer hefty discounts on loan rates to propel the festive season ...

better liquidity has eased some pressure on deposit rates (drs), especially in the short term, and some public sector banks ...

the prospect of european banks deleveraging and getting rid of their asian assets has been a cause of much concern for indian ...

in sync with the stock market, the rupee on friday soared by 30 paise to close at two-week high levels of 55.36 against the ...

state-owned oriental bank of commerce (obc) today slashed fixed deposit rates on select maturities by up to 0.5% in line with ...

jpmorgan chase co s wrong-way bets on derivatives are the focus of an escalating probe by a us senate panel led by ...

most of the $1 billion in cuts, initially announced last week, will be made abroad, and they are driven by a grim outlook for the ...

european central bank (ecb) president mario draghi on thursday said policy makers had agreed to an unlimited bond-purchase ...

releasing its crisil-audited final placements, the indian institute of management, ahmedabad, (iim-a) reported the highest ...

fraudulent internet debit card transactions are on the rise in the state and form the second highest among the complaints being ...

the ill-fated factory of om siva sakthi fireworks, which was gutted yesterday leading to deaths of over 50 persons, was insured ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor anand sinha has backed the mahapatra committee s recommendation of higher ...

the chairman of prime minister s economic advisory council, c rangarajan, has added to the debate on banks cash ...

the bank of japan needs to monitor more carefully negative effects of a strong yen on the economy amid global uncertainty, ...

indian overseas bank (iob), after having successfully raised a $1-billion medium term note (mtn), has planned to raise another $1 ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has told banks not to differentiate between high-value depositors and small depositors. ...

banks that want to leave a loan consortium can do so only after finding a replacement, if the recommendations of a committee on ...

t m bhasin, chairman and managing director of indian bank, might be heading for bank of baroda, with uco bank cmd arun kaul ...

two public-sector banks, idbi bank and oriental bank of commerce, on thursday reduced interest rate on home loans by up to 0.25 ...

visa, the international payment gateway, is offering packaged security solutions to indian banks for cards issued on their ...

the banking regulator is unhappy with the life insurance corporation (lic) of india holding more than 10 per cent stake in state ...

the reserve bank of india needs to bring down the cash reserve ratio (crr) and control credit flow through open market ...

reuters - the rupee dropped to its lowest level in three weeks on thursday, hurt by mild losses in the domestic share market and ...

the top 10 deals accounted for 42.6% of investments in terms of deal value. in the largest deal, bain capital advisors india ...

the rupee fell to the lowest level in almost three weeks as investors sought the perceived safety of the dollar on concern that ...

somak ghosh has quit as group president (development banking), yes bank, to join motilal oswal private equity advisors, the ...

european central bank president mario draghi s bond-buying proposal involves unlimited purchases of government debt that ...

sovereign fund temasek holdings is in talks with actis to acquire the latter s stake in bangalore-based retail chain ...

chennai-based private equity firm tvs capital funds is understood to be scripting a healthy exit from landmark, a pan-indian book ...

non-banking finance company, india infoline finance raised rs 335 crore via non-convertible debentures on the first day of ...

motilal oswal private equity invested parag milk foods plans to go for an initial public offering to make ways for the private ...

axis bank, the third-largest private sector lender in the country, on wednesday introduced a new home loan product, where the ...

the state level bankers committee (slbc) has advised all banks in the state to take up drought relief measures on a war-footing ...

state bank of india, the country s largest lender, plans to take its point of sale (pos) terminals to 100,000 by the end of ...

icici bank, the largest private sector lender in the country, plans to repatriate a large part of its capital from its uk arm as ...

crr is the proportion of deposits that banks need to keep with rbi as cash. banks do not earn any interest on it. at present, the ...

amid a dry pipeline of loans and challenges in managing excess cash, state bank of india on wednesday reduced interest rates on ...

reserve bank of india deputy governor h r khan on wednesday said mobile telephone operators cannot be permitted to provide a ...

axis bank today launched a home loan product with built-in emi waiver scheme under which the bank will write off the last 12 ...

rupay, the domestic debit card payment platform, launched by the national payment corporation of india, is likely to be ...

credit growth at indian banks was almost stagnant in the first five months of the fiscal year that started in april, as policy ...

country s largest lender state bank of india today reduced interest rate on domestic retail term deposits by 50-100 basis ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao on tuesday said the government would need to infuse rs 90,000 crore in public ...

european leaders are stepping up shuttle diplomacy this week as details of a bond-buying plan emerged from the central bank, ...

the european union s outlook was cut to negative by moody s investors service, reflecting the risks to germany, ...

lakshmi vilas bank plans to raise rs 500 crore to help maintain momentum in growth. in last two years, the bank s business ...

reserve bank of india governor d subbarao surely knows how to crack a joke even on as mundane a topic as the cash reserve ratio ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has approved punjab national bank s (pnb) plan to acquire a 30 ...

axis bank, the country s third largest private sector lender, plans to take the share of retail credit in its overall loan ...

now, you don t have to worry about the kids when you discuss your finances with the relationship manager at your bank ...

the finance ministry may ask cash-rich public sector undertakings (psus) to invest in foreign assets that are currently available ...

the premium collection of general insurance companies rose 20.9 per cent in july 2012 compared to july 2011, according to data ...

the finance ministry is looking at the possibility of relaxing norms for insurance companies to attract more funds for the ...

indian banks will require an additional capital of rs 5 lakh crore to meet the new global banking norms, basel iii, rbi governor ...

given its poor fiscal position, the government will find it difficult to re-capitalise banks to help them meet the basel iii ...

reuters market eye - goldman sachs has upgraded indian banks to neutral from cautious citing favourable ...

goldman sachs has upgraded indian banks to neutral from cautious citing favourable risk reward in public ...

vijay bank on sunday launched a special current account savings account (casa) campaign across all its 24 regional offices in the ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic), bhubaneswar divisional office has settled 90,871 claims during the 2011-12 fiscal ...

state bank of india chairman pratip chaudhuri on monday said that lateral hiring in banks had led to frustration among existing ...

following the reduction in interest rate for retail credit by large banks, demand for such advances was picking up, said pratip ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday directed all banks to issue cheques with uniform features conforming to cheque ...

while being on the forefront of the industrial development, gujarat-based borrowers have set a unique example of maintaining ...

the rupee opened the week on a high note in reaction to the parthasarathi shome panel recommendation to postpone the general ...

sales of health and pension policies of life insurance companies have taken a beating in june, according to the latest data ...

indian banks rush for overseas dollar denominated bonds that saw over $3.5 billion (rs 19,440 crore) being raised in about ...

the finance ministry might give public sector banks more time to shed their high-cost bulk deposits on a case-to-case basis, ...

worried over the rise in crime at banks automatic teller machines (atms), the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked banks ...

reserve bank of india is expected to keep its key interest rate steady this month, a reuters poll showed, and economists see only ...

the finance ministry has sought an exemption for mergers and acquisitions of loss-making and failing banks as well as ...

the visakhapatnam division of life insurance corporation is aiming for a growth of 25 per cent in policies and around 40 per cent ...

state bank of india (sbi) has re-allocated the portfolios of its deputy managing directors, and has appointed arundhati ...

global banking major hsbc is looking to offload its entire 4.46 per cent stake in private sector lender karnataka bank, after ...

india s plan to increase voting rights for shareholders in banks would improve management and corporate governance and draw more ...

after a significant decline in business in the quarter ended june, leading gold loan companies are set to see a reversal of ...

yields on government bonds on friday increased on concern the reserve bank of india (rbi) may not cut policy rates, as the ...

the federal reserve chairman, ben s. bernanke, delivered on friday a detailed and forceful argument for new steps to stimulate ...

vijaya bank has slashed interest rates on msme (micro, small and medium enterprises) loans by up to one per cent across the ...

icici bank chairman k v kamath on thursday disagreed with the suggestion of state bank of india (sbi) chief pratip chaudhuri that ...

citigroup said on wednesday that it had agreed to pay $590 million to settle a class-action lawsuit brought by shareholders who ...

as india seeks to control high inflation, reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao has said a little sacrifice in growth ...

pacific investment management s bill gross said the federal reserve will add to monetary stimulus even if chairman ben s ...

prosecutors say they have unearthed evidence in recent international money-transfer investigations that chinese banks may have ...

banks have opposed the suggestions of a reserve bank of india (rbi) committee on loan restructuring, as they fear these, if ...

housing urban development corporation ltd. (hudco) has introduced home loans up to rs 25 lakh for the salaried individuals ...

the worsening financial health of state electricity boards (sebs) was expected to put huge pressure on the asset quality of banks ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked banks to put up bulk deposit rate on their websites, to stop banks from offering ...

according to j tashi, the banking obudsman of chandigarh, 663 levy charges on loans related complaints, 574 complaints related to ...

an increase in the number of banks alone is unlikely to expand financial services to un-banked areas, said k v kamath, chairman ...

corporation bank has decided to slash interest rates on home, car and educational loans with effect from september 1 for a ...

the restructured portfolio of country s banks will touch rs 3.25 trillion (rs 3.25 lakh crore), or around 5.7% of banks advances ...

icici bank chairman k v kamath today disagreed with the suggestion of sbi chief pratip chaudhuri that rbi should scrap crr, ...

highlighting the need for fiscal consolidation, reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao has said the central bank s ...

rural spending outpaced urban consumption in the two years up to 2011-12, the first time in nearly 25 years, according to a study ...

the other day, we received a (loan) proposal for setting up a hotel, with a repayment period of eight to nine years. i ...

after bigbasket, another online grocery retailer, mygrahak, is scouting for private equity (pe) investment to fund its expansion ...

arun kumar, the reclusive millionaire promoter of pharmaceuticals company strides arcolab, is now eyeing the medical equipment ...

a 12-member expert committee formed by the planning commission has asked insurance and pension regulators to allow investments in ...

reserve bank of india governor d subbarao has said the battle against inflation has not ended yet and high prices were mostly ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor duvvuri subbarao said on tuesday that inflation remains too high and needs to fall further ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) executive director d k mohanty on tuesday said the country s import cover reserves might fall ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned a loan of rs 32.28 crore to the haryana ...

the global retail banking industry is not out of the woods yet, stated a report by the boston consulting group (bcg). it added ...

state bank of india chairman pratip chaudhuri on tuesday took a gentle dig at the reserve bank of india deputy governor k c ...

mumbai-based public sector lender bank of india on tuesday reduced the rate on interests on bulk deposits in some tenors by 25-50 ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may relax some of the priority sector target for banks on a case-to-case basis but has asked the ...

the reserve bank today asked state and central co-operative banks to ensure minimal variation in interest rates on single-term ...

financial regulators may have a challenging job, but they should not be too prescriptive and let market forces work in normal ...

in a year or so, one can expect to get more than cash from automated teller machines (atms). while the new white label atm (wla) ...

punjab national bank the country s second-largest public-sector bank, in a statement, said it would not cut the ...

deutsche bank ag, europe s biggest bank by assets, changed rules on bonuses to allow the company to claw back stock awarded ...

if inflation is controlled, it will automatically bring down interest rates, says rbi deputy governor k c chakrabarty. he adds, ...

rating agency icra has cut the rating for reliance power ltd s commercial paper (of rs 1,000 crore) from a1 to a1 on ...

the department of financial services under union finance ministry has identified 789 habitations in 14 naxal affected districts ...

icra, has assigned a negative rating to the state-run indian oil corporation s long term bonds programme on ...

banks which had stopped extending education loans to students who were taking admission through management quota may have to ...

hdfc chairman deepak parekh on monday chose to voice the unspoken concerns of the investor community about over-regulation that ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned a financial support of rs 129.82 crore to tamil ...

his predecessor, o p bhatt, had spent the better part of his five-year tenure in a bitter war of words with the reserve bank of ...

at a time when bankers across the world are being termed as london whale , hedge-fund sharks and various other deadly creatures, ...

tracking weak trends in the stock market, the rupee today depreciated by 19 paise to close at 55.69 on heavy month-end dollar ...

the reserve bank of india deputy governor k c chakrabarty today said that the banks must work within the frame work of the ...

citigroup inc chief executive officer vikram pandit said regulators shouldn t dictate what banks can sell to clients ...

indian bank is planning to open 1,525 ultra small branches in rural areas across the country. this is part of the bank s ...

the data on india s fiscal balances and gross domestic product (gdp), for the april-june 2012 quarter due to be released on ...

with the government driving banks to reduce dependence on wholesale funds, public sector banks (psbs) may shed bulk deposits ...

despite the rising stress on balance sheets of domestic banks, foreign investors in recent months have been snapping up bond ...

rupee is likely to trade in the range of 55-56 per us dollar in the coming week with no visible trigger from international and ...

a steep rise in debt levels of large business houses like lanco, adani, gvk, vedanta and gmr groups in the past five years has ...

the reserve bank has widened its probe into the affairs of british banking giants hsbc and standard chartered to a host of other ...

the government has asked banks to focus on urban financial inclusion to ensure at least one bank account per family among poor ...

southern states of tamil nadu, kerala, andhra pradesh and karnataka account for about 50 per cent of education loans disbursed by ...

prosecutors investigating the movement of money by global banks suspect hsbc of laundering money for mexican drug cartels and ...

public sector banks will disburse over rs 2,000 crore in union finance minister p chidambaram s constituency. m narendra, ...

public sector banks have now set a target to disburse rs 6 lakh crore agriculture loan during the current fiscal. this is rs ...

the institute of chartered accountants of india (icai) will meet union finance minister p chidambaram on retaining the current ...

the european commission on friday set a target date of september 11 to announce proposals to overhaul banking regulation in ...

we have decided to reduce the rate of interest on the car loans. we have decided (to cut)... housing loan rate by 25 to 50 ...

public sector lender union bank of india (ubi) is expecting capital infusion of about rs 1,000 crore from the union government ...

companies other than non-banking finance firms are raising funds through the debt market, via non-convertible debentures (ncds) ...

capital market regulator sebi has decided to park its surplus funds in fixed deposits of psu banks, even if the returns offered ...

rates on three-month certificates of deposit and commercial papers were almost unchanged today due to low issuances and ...

investments in new projects slowed substantially in 2011-12, declining 46 per cent compared to the previous financial year, as ...

the reserve bank of india s balance sheet crossed rs 4 lakh crore in 2011-12 (july-june) due to an increase in holdings of ...

indian banks would need about rs 5 lakh crore of additional capital to meet the basel-iii norms, the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

the fall was mainly due to high inflation, decline in small savings and slower growth in households holdings of bank ...

india had scored poorly on financial inclusion parameters when compared with the global average, said the reserve bank of india ...

public sector lender idbi bank will double its medium-term note (mtn) programme to $3 billion from $1.5 billion, to raise foreign ...

several atms ran out of cash causing hardship to the common man on the second day of the two- day strike called by psu bank ...

icici bank, india s largest private sector lender, today rolled out 25 electronic branches across 18 ...

the reserve bank of india today cautioned that increasing dependence on imported coal and rising global prices of the dry fuel ...

state bank of india holds 33 per cent of the total non-performing assets (npas) held by public sector banks, according to the ...

state bank of india (sbi) chairman has called for a change in non-performing assets (npas) norms, and reiterated the need ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has come down heavily on banks for charging pre-payment penalty on dual-rate home loans, and has ...

the positive intent shown by the government recently on key reforms such as foreign direct investment in key sectors such as ...

the rajkot district co-operative bank (rdcb) has decided to waive interest on loans given to nearly two lakh farmers for ...

the reserve bank today cautioned that increasing dependence on imported coal and rising global prices of the dry fuel can impact ...

state-owned punjab national bank (pnb) has filed an application with the reserve bank to open branches in lahore and karachi, ...

the reserve bank has proposed to conduct field trials of rs 10 polymer banknotes in five cities including shimla and cochin, ...

india is looking to make it easier for companies to raise funds by allowing them to issue rupee bonds that are guaranteed from ...

the government on wednesday relaxed external commercial borrowing (ecb) norms significantly in a number of areas ...

magma fincorp ltd (mfl) has appointed sachin khandelwal, a key icici bank executive, as head of housing finance business, and ...

india and pakistan have agreed to allow two banks each from both the countries to set up branches across the border, governor of ...

annual growth in bank advances fell moderately below the projection of 17 per cent set by the reserve bank of india in the ...

uncertainty around buyback arrangements has put private equity (pe) firms, struggling to exit their investments, in troubled ...

banking services including branch operations and treasury operations were hit hard as staff and officers belonging to some bank ...

europe s failure to resolve its sovereign-debt crisis will force investment-banking chiefs in the region to consider ...

banking operation in the state came to standstill on wednesday as about 70,000 employees of 5,000 branches of different public ...

as credit card spending in india is reaching new high, sbi cards and payment services pvt ltd, a joint venture with ge ...

the first day of two-day nationwide bank employees strike against amendments in the banking regulation act was successful in ...

bank credit rose by rs 22,034 crore to rs 48.73 lakh crore in the fortnight ending august 10, reflecting an uptick in economic ...

indian banks fetched more deposits than loans since the start of the financial year in april as high deposit rates prompted ...

bank transactions and some market operations were hit in india after about one million bank employees began a two-day strike on ...

ncc, shipping corporation of india, south indian bank and central bank of india fall 1 to 4 percent each after the national ...

about one million indian bank employees began a two-day strike on wednesday to protest against reforms that could ease mergers ...

bank employees in india began a two-day strike on wednesday to protest against proposed reforms that would ease mergers and allow ...

the finance ministry and the reserve bank of india (rbi) have asked public sector banks not to bid for bulk deposits a ...

the future of micro lenders in andhra pradesh looked bleak if the state government did not act fast, said microfinance ...

the top public sector banks in the country state bank of india, punjab national bank, canara bank, bank of india and ...

city-based united bank of india (ubi) on tuesday appointed asset reconstruction company asrec india as a recovery agent to ...

allahabad bank on tuesday said it would focus on financing setting up of foodgrains storage godowns and silos throughout the ...

michael and susan dell foundation is considering exiting group liability-based microfinance lending in india. it plans to ...

members of the technical advisory committee (tac), set up by the reserve bank of india, expect no relief on the fiscal deficit ...

the overdues from borrowers of hyderabad-based microfinance institution spandana sphoorty financial limited have crossed rs 1,400 ...

the european financial stability facility (efsf) on tuesday expressed hope that the euro area s bailout fund, the european ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) on tuesday tightened the non-banking finance company (nbfc) securitisation norms by stipulating that ...

barclays, which is looking at restructuring its india operations, may hold on to short-term retail loans, as it is not getting ...

most of the reserve bank of india s external advisors supported governor duvvuri subbarao s decision to keep interest rates ...

dbs bank india, the domestic arm of the singapore-based lender, has applied for four new branch licences from the reserve bank to ...

the crisis faced by the microfinance sector in andhra pradesh (ap) is an eye opener for all the stakeholders, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has come down heavily on india inc for not prudently using hedging tools available to them. ...

concerned over the rising instances of payment defaults, banks have shown willingness to disclose the names of borrowers who have ...

in a move to contain the losses inherent in the third-party motor insurance portfolios, the finance ministry has asked the four ...

the finance ministry has asked state-owned banks and insurance companies to take up the issue of misconduct by professionals like ...

when president obama announced last month that he was barring a baghdad bank from any dealings with the american banking system, ...

after bringing in nippon life as a strategic partner in its life insurance and asset management businesses, reliance capital is ...

united bank of india, a public sector bank concentrated in north and north-east states of india is planning to ramp up its ...

bangalore-based public sector lender canara bank is aiming at a growth of 28 per cent in its casa (current account and savings ...

l t finance holdings, the publicly held financial services company, is rolling out strong measures to bolster its housing ...

united bank of india (ubi) on saturday said it expected to recover rs 400-500 crore in cash this financial year, as it gears up ...

benjamin lawsky, new york s top state banking regulator, shook up the financial world by squeezing a record settlement out ...

federal and state prosecutors are investigating deutsche bank and several other global banks over accusations that they funneled ...

finance minister p chidambaram on saturday asked public sector banks (psbs) to reduce equated monthly instalments (emis) on loans ...

with an eye on getting business in the festive season, banks have started offering discounts on interest rates and waiving ...

l t finance holdings, the publicly-held financial services company, is introducing various measures to bolster its housing ...

reliance capital ltd, which concluded a 26-per cent stake sale to japanese insurer nippon life insurance in its unit reliance ...

the government has reappointed k c chakrabarty as deputy governor of the reserve bank of india (rbi) till june 30, 2014. ...

india s foreign exchange reserves rose $17.8 million to $289.17 billion for the week ended august 10, the reserve bank of ...

the finance ministry has asked public sector lenders to form consortiums to restructure the accounts of state electricity boards ...

kerala-based federal bank aims to become a dominant player in the indian banking sector, establishing a significant presence in ...

reserve bank of india deputy governor k.c. chakrabarty got an extension of two years until june 30, 2014, a release from the ...

the reserve bank of india on thursday said it will assess if the declining trend in inflation is sustainable and accordingly take ...

india s foreign currency reserves fell to about seven months of import cover at the end of march 2012 from eight and a half ...

india lent about $221 million to three heavily indebted european countries ireland, portugal and greece in the ...

oriental bank of commerce has slashed its base rate 0.1 per cent to 10.40 per cent with effect from on thrusday.

reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday said the possibility of india s sovereign rating downgrade by global agencies like ...

icici bank, the largest private sector lender in the country, on thursday said it has raised $750 million by selling bonds in the ...

state-run union bank of india (ubi) will need rs 950-1,000 crore as additional capital to meet its business needs this financial ...

the rates on commercial paper (cp) fell below nine per cent after about one-and-a-half years, as investors took advantage of ...

even as weak monsoon and lower growth estimate hints at dull economic condition in the country, the credit card companies have a ...

the reserve bank today said it will assess if the declining trend in inflation is sustainable and accordingly take a decision on ...

manipal-based public sector lender syndicate bank has created two new business verticals, mid-corporate and fee-based income, to ...

blackstone, the global private equity (pe) giant, is setting the stage for a blockbuster exit from bangalore-based synergy ...

lloyds banking group plc, the uk s second-biggest state-backed lender, agreed to sell private equity-related investments ...

credit card spending in the country touched a record high during the april- june quarter, thanks to innovative incentives offered ...

delhi-based ifci venture capital funds ltd (ivcf) has planned to bring in a foreign partner for its proposed mezzanine fund, to ...

bangalore-based ujjivan microfinance, one of the first microfinance institutions (mfis) to attract private equity investment, is ...

india s largest domestic institutional investor, life insurance corporation of india (lic), has used the subdued market ...

union bank of india is planning the third dollar-denominated bond by an indian borrower this week, as better-than-expected us ...

infrastructure finance company idfc ltd posted a 21 per cent growth in consolidated net profit at rs 380 crore for the quarter ...

money transfer player muthoot finance ltd, which accounted for two million payouts to customers last year, aims to double it by ...

the bombay stock exchange (bse) has said certain tax-saving bonds of three firms, srei infrastructure finance, l t ...

the union finance ministry is considering a proposal to link tax exemption of life insurance policies to the term of the cover, ...

the lowest indian dollar borrowing costs in a year will help as companies from tata steel ltd to jaiprakash associates ltd ...

the reserve bank of india has planned to cap banks total exposure to own group entities at 20 per cent of net worth, to ...

foreign institutional investment must be increased in government debt in a phased manner, said a working group constituted by the ...

national bank for agriculture rural development (nabard) will provide refinance with lower interest rate to the farmers of ...

loans to mid-sized pharmaceutical companies have turned bad for a slew of top public sector banks in the first quarter of this ...

showing the economic slowdown s deep effect on business, rating downgrades at 216 were about four times more than upgrades ...

special schemes are back in focus as bank deposits continue to grow only at a sluggish pace. with no relief in sight for further ...

indian overseas bank today raised $500 million via sale of dollar denominated bonds for 5.5 years. the bonds were issued at ...

the rupee fell on monday on the back of sustained dollar demand from oil importers, with traders also cautious a day before ...

take an agri loan at four per cent and keep the money as a fixed deposit in the same branch at nine per cent interest rate ...

uk-based money transfer brand, xpress money, on saturday launched a financial literacy roadshow programme across andhra pradesh. ...

banks are giving preferential treatment to the corporate sector in debt restructuring, and tend to ignore the retail, agriculture ...

standard chartered will comply with a new york department of financial services demand that the bank hire an outside monitor to ...

the justice department won t be pursuing criminal charges against goldman sachs or its employees over its big ...

while the central bank is wary of increase in debt recast by banks and has proposed stringent norms for such activities, k v ...

global banks that ship increasingly sensitive and sophisticated work overseas to save costs will be forced to step up oversight ...

state bank of india, the country s largest lender, reported a 137 per cent year-on-year increase in its net profit to rs ...

switzerland s julius baer is close to buying bank of america merrill lynch s private banking units outside the united ...

barclays, whose top management was toppled amid an interest rate manipulation scandal, on thursday turned to a former bank of ...

the system at the centre of the rate-rigging scandal will be overhauled as regulators respond to public anger over the ...

to stabilise fund flows by increasing the share of low-cost deposits, banks are giving cash incentives and recognition ...

the reserve bank of india has told banks to replace the current practice of opening no-frills accounts for those who can t ...

state bank of india, the country s largest lender, managed to beat earnings estimates but that s the last thing on ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) will stick to the present market-borrowing calendar (april-september) for now, as there was still ...

state-run lenders punjab national bank (pnb) and central bank of india will jointly set up a bank in mozambique by the end of ...

the wholesale debt market (wdm) segment of the national stock exchange (nse) today witnessed a total turnover of rs 1,794 crore ...

in line with listless trading in stocks, the rupee today ended flat at 55.28 against the us dollar on alternate bouts of buying ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) sold only a net $50 million in june, compared with $485 million in the previous month, data from ...

state bank of india, the country s largest lender, beat street expectations as its net profit surged for the second consecutive ...

state bank of india (sbi) shares fell 4.3 per cent on thursday, its biggest single-day percentage fall since june 18, on concerns ...

the meeting comes when the country is faced with slowing growth and drought in some parts. and, fiscal and monetary space is ...

micro lenders seem discontented with the relaxations offered by the reserve bank of india (rbi) on the functioning of non-banking ...

defaults and restructuring of short-term debt in the past couple of months have raised concerns over companies liquidity ...

if everything goes well, haryana could very soon boast of bank branches within a radius of every 5 km to bring the rural masses ...

public sector punjab national bank (pnb) today ruled out any reduction in lending rates for now in the wake of high inflation and ...

reuters market eye - rupee falls from sessions highs to trade at 55.30 31, though still higher than its 55.42 43 close on ...

assam has sought financial assistance from the centre and multilateral funding agency, asian development bank (adb), for upgrade ...

the tamil nadu tourism department is implementing a rs 450-crore project along with the asian development bank (adb). in the ...

two more institutions joined the growing list of analysts expecting sub-six per cent growth for india this financial year, with ...

manipal-based public sector lender syndicate bank is planning to hit the global capital market with its $500-million medium-term ...

banks loan growth fell by rs 21,468 crore for the fortnight ended july 27 while deposits went up by 22,200 crore, latest ...

andhra pradesh state cooperative bank (apcob), with the support of international finance corporation (ifc), will design new ...

indian overseas bank has reduced home loan rates, for loans up to rs 30 lakh, by 25-100 basis points. a 50-bps cut in auto loan ...

hdfc bank country s largest credit card issuer has launched its first co-branded credit card with jet ...

l capital asia, the private equity arm of the world s biggest luxury products group, louis vuitton mo t hennessy ...

credit information bureau (india) limited (cibil), the country s first credit information company, is planning to expand ...

the all india bank employees association (aibea), which represents the employees of the public-sector banks, has ...

multiples private equity, a $400-million fund started by renuka ramnath, is understood to be close to finalising a rs 220-crore ...

the norms for selecting public sector banks chiefs are likely to be tweaked again. the finance ministry has proposed to ...

standard chartered plc chief executive officer peter sands hit back at a new york regulator s claims the lender broke us ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned a loan of rs 1,098 crore to the rajasthan ...

major banks, which often band together when facing government scrutiny, are now turning on one another as an international ...

jim o neill ushered in a decade-long investment boom in 2001 when he coined the term brics for the largest emerging ...

the public sector bank, punjab national bank (pnb), has launched a nationwide campaign to mop up low-cost funds from retail ...

outsourcing of key oversight jobs by global banks to india has come under the scanner for the second time in less than a month ...

the reserve bank of india on tuesday said indian lenders are resilient enough to weather the pressure on farm loans caused by ...

state bank of india is closing its one-time settlement (ots) scheme for bad loans of small, micro and medium enterprises due to ...

led by state bank of india the country s largest lender banks have asked the reserve bank of india to ...

rating agency crisil has downgraded ratings on the bank facilities of lanco infratech ltd (litl) to bb from ...

jet airways and hdfc bank today launched a co-branded credit card, which offers a slew of benefits and rewards to frequent flyers ...

the reserve bank today said indian lenders are resilient enough to weather the pressure on farm loans caused by drought like ...

standard chartered plc conducted $250 billion worth of transactions with iranian entities over more than seven years in violation ...

private sector lenders have turned down the finance ministry s proposal that banks form a group and enter into a joint ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao on monday met finance minister p chidambaram and discussed the macro-economic ...

andhra bank registered a decline of 6 per cent in net profit for the first quarter ending june 30, 2012, to rs 361.83 crore from ...

in a bid to give more options in long-term investments and to hedge interest rate risks for life insurance companies, the ...

the government seems to have learnt a lesson or two from private sector banks. in a bid to bring in more efficiency in the ...

andhra bank today said its net profit declined by 6.19% to rs 362 crore for the quarter ended june 30 due to high deposit cost ...

rupee likely to open higher with positive u.s. jobs data boosting risk sentiment with asian shares and euro gains, says dealers.

the rupee is expected to open higher against the dollar, as the us employment data released late last week raised hopes for ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is set to allow equity exposure of life insurance corporation (lic) in ...

muthoot capital services limited has reported a two-fold increase in its net profit, to rs 4.93 crore as compared with rs 2.35 ...

yield on 10-year benchmark government securities is likely to harden in the coming weeks after the reserve bank reduced the ...

a 30-year-old former barclays plc swaps trader in new york, who was fired from the bank in 2010, is among those drawing scrutiny ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao on saturday said the government might have to reduce its stake in public sector ...

state-run uco bank on saturday stated its net profit for the quarter ended june rose 24 per cent year-on-year to rs 362 crore. ...

government may look at reducing its stake in public sector banks as one of the options to meet capital requirements norms under ...

sks microfinance limited, the only publicly-listed microfinance institution in the country, reported a net loss of rs 38.83 crore ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $1.3 billion to $288 billion over the week ended july 27. the reserve bank of india on friday ...

state-run united bank of india on friday said its net profit for the quarter ended june 30, expanded 31 per cent from a year ago ...

city union bank has posted net profit of rs 73.89 crore during the first quarter of the current financial year as compared with ...

india s top three private banks axis bank, hdfc bank and icici bank would need about rs 70,000 crore ($12.5 ...

bank of india on friday said it planned to shift focus from large and mid-corporates to retail as well as small and medium ...

reserve bank of india governor d subbarao said a goal of the regulator and the banking industry was to make the country a ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on friday offered relief to stressed microfinance companies, especially those in andhra pradesh, ...

moneylenders are back in the villages of andhra pradesh, grabbing the space vacated by microfinance institutions following the ...

public sector lender bank of india (boi) will be setting up 250 more branches and 2,000 atms across the country in the current ...

ratings agency fitch today said the top three private sector lenders--icici bank, hdfc bank and axis bank--will require close to ...

penetration of atms in the country is still very low compared to other emerging markets even as the number of automated teller ...

indian banks are likely to move to actual dealt rates on a trading platform to determine overnight interbank lending rates, as ...

market participants said the central bank s hawkish stance and the reduction in the statutory liquidity ratio (slr) ...

state bank of india has reduced its home loan growth target for the financial year. the lender also cut interest rates on ...

the european central bank is ready to make purchases of government bonds in league with europe s bailout fund, the ...

loans against gold jewellery a forte of non-banking finance companies (nbfc) and some south-based private banks till now ...

deficient rains and a slump in business growth adversely hit the asset quality of banks in the quarter ended june. the gross ...

riding on the success of state bank of india s medium-term notes issue, exim bank also successfully completed a ...

public sector lender indian overseas bank, whose tier-i capital fell below eight per cent at the end of the first quarter, will ...

the national housing bank (nhb) on thursday reduced interest rates under its special refinance scheme for poorer people in urban ...

state bank of india (sbi) today lowered interest rates on domestic term deposits of maturity of five years and more by 0.25% to ...

yes bank, the fourth largest private sector lender in the country, today said it has raised syndicated loans of $155 million and ...

non-life insurer sbi general insurance on wednesday announced the appointment of bhaskar jyoti sarma as managing director and ...

reliance capital trustee co ltd, through reliance vision fund, has acquired 1.8 million shares in tvs motors company ltd, through ...

the government didn t follow the central bank s lead this april in needed policy, said reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

as part of its derisking strategy, cholamandalam investment and finance company (cifc) is planning to enter new areas including ...

star health and allied insurance, backed by sequoia capital and icici venture, is in talks with private equity (pe) players to ...

the business process outsourcing (bpo) sector in india has been hitting the headlines due to proposed private equity transactions ...

private equity players might be forced to dilute shareholder agreements (shas) with listed firms and their promoters, following a ...

on the day p chidambaram took charge as the union finance minister, the country s largest lender, state bank of india ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has formed a committee to review short-term co-operative credit structures. the panel will ...

standard chartered bank on wednesday said its pre-tax profit from india operations in the first six months this year declined 18 ...

state bank of travancore (sbt) has earned a net profit of rs 181.44 crore in the april june period of the current financial ...

the national buildings organisation (nbo) under union ministry of housing and urban poverty alleviation, engaged in the ...

morgan stanley has bought shares worth around rs 40.39 crore in murugappa group s nbfc cholamandalam investment and finance ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has agreed to review the revised priority sector lending targets with an open mind ...

even though the final guidelines on priority sector lending (psl) was released over a fortnight ago, the reserve bank today said ...

indian banks are hesitant to cut lending rates immediately, citing muted credit growth and stiff competition for deposits, even ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) left interest rates unchanged on tuesday for the second straight review, showing that bringing ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) left interest rates unchanged for the second time since june, in line with expectations, ...

planning commission today said that rbi has taken a cautious stance due to sticky inflation in its quarterly review of monetary ...

justifying the decision of the reserve bank to keep key policy rates unchanged to check inflation, prime minister s economic ...

india s core inflation momentum is rising, the reserve bank of india governor duvvuri subbarao said in a news conference after ...

the reserve bank of india has scope to cut interest rates during this calendar year, governor duvvuri subbarao said in a news ...

state bank of india, the country s top lender, expects retail lending costs to come down after the central bank cut the minimum ...

any cuts in lending rates by indian banks will depend on credit pickup and overall liquidity situation, even after the central ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) said on tuesday it will allow companies to keep all of their foreign exchange earnings while also ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) left interest rates unchanged for the second time since june, in line with expectations, while ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is expected to leave interest rates unchanged on tuesday, seeing high inflation as a bigger ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday said that the outlook for the indian economy remained weak, indicated by lowered growth ...

flow of credit to the commercial sector from sources other than banks doubled in the first quarter of the current financial year, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday said moderation in sales growth and the declining profitability in india inc were ...

envoys for greece s international lenders have extended their mission to athens indefinitely, a finance ministry official ...

profit at hsbc holdings dropped nearly 9 per cent in the first half of the year, as the big bank deals with the fallout from a ...

at a time when the the indian information technology (it) services industry is facing the heat of the global slowdown in the ...

open market operations (omos) are not intended to reduce the cost of borrowing for the government but are monetary instruments to ...

syndicate bank on monday reported a 28.28 per cent growth in net profit at rs 440 crore for the first quarter ended june 30, ...

public sector lender corporation bank reported five per cent rise in net profit, at rs 370 crore, in the first quarter ended june ...

state-run allahabad bank on monday said its net profit for the quarter ended june 30, 2012, expanded 23 per cent from a year ago ...

the indian overseas bank (iob) has posted an increase of 13.5 per cent in net profit at rs 233.43 crore for the quarter ended ...

bank of baroda recorded 10.3 per cent growth in net profit at rs 1,139 crore for the quarter ended june, owing to good growth in ...

the small industries and development bank of india (sidbi) has projected a 17 per cent growth in the micro, small and medium ...

gilt funds were the best performers across the 22 mutual fund categories for the quarter ended june, according to a crisil mutual ...

deutsche bank has appointed ravneet gill as chief executive of its operations in india. gill will also become a member of the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has raised a red flag over the sharp increase in the country s external debt and emphasised ...

india is discomfortingly slipping into prolonged period of below potential growth and persistently elevated inflation. while ...

banking transactions through mobile phones more than trebled to rs 286 crore during may, on account of a higher number of users ...

shriram city union finance ltd (scufl) is planning to issue non-convertible debentures (ncds) of about rs 250 crore, with an ...

defying the impact of economic slowdown, several banks including hdfc bank, bank of india, union bank of india posted ...

banking transactions through mobile phones have more than trebled to rs 286 crore during may on account of a higher number of ...

an andhra pradesh law, said to be the root cause of the collapse of microfinance in india and the state in particular, has no ...

mortgage lender housing development finance corp (hdfc) today announced 25 per cent increase in net profit at rs 1,276 crore on a ...

middle india is gaining popularity among foreign banks in the country. it is partly due to regulatory compulsion but also because ...

after three years of the most terrible publicity this side of jerry sandusky, things have been looking up recently for goldman ...

sanford sandy weill s call this week for breaking up large banks revived debate in washington over ...

in yet another directive to public sector banks, the finance ministry has asked the lenders to change the way they conduct their ...

state-owned punjab sind bank on saturday reported a 62.5 per cent decline in net profit at rs 24.03 crore for the quarter ...

private sector lender hdfc bank on friday surpassed state bank of india (sbi) as the country s most valued bank, in terms of ...

banking stocks have been beaten down through the week, with the bse bankex falling 3.6 per cent. the public sector banks have ...

a rise in bad loans and provisioning for non-performing assets (npas) resulted in two large public sector lenders, punjab ...

icici bank on friday said its standalone net profit for the quarter ended june 30 expanded 36 per cent to rs 1,815 crore from rs ...

state bank of india chairman pratip chaudhuri said he expected the reserve bank of india (rbi) to cut banks cash reserve ...

the rupee rose for a second successive session on friday as local shares rallied in line with overnight gains in risk assets ...

state bank of india s asset quality is improving compared to last year, chairman pratip chaudhuri said on the sidelines of a news ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), has raised $1.25 billion from investors abroad at 4.125 per cent, ...

to boost the micro insurance sector, the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has proposed to allow broadening ...

microfinance institutions (mfis) deluge of problems, it seems, is never-ending. experts have said stress building in rural ...

uttar pradesh, which is aimimg to attract investment to the tune of about rs 16 lakh crore during the current 12th plan ...

ecb president mario draghi signalled that officials are prepared to do whatever is needed to preserve the euro. to the ...

as the southwest monsoon remains deficient in some parts of the country, raising the spectre of drought, the government is ...

non-banking finance company, shriram transport finance company (stfc), is planning to expand its presence in the rural markets ...

lloyds banking group has received subpoenas from government agencies investigating interest rate rigging, dragging the biggest ...

foreign fund macquarie bank today offloaded a total of 1.24 crore shares in six companies including mtnl, beml and orchid ...

lower provisioning and a modest growth in net interest income helped bangalore-based public sector lender vijaya bank register ...

private sector lender yes bank said its net profit for the quarter ended june 30 grew 34.3 per cent year-on-year to rs 290 crore, ...

clearing the decks for the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) to come out with initial public offering ...

overnight call money rates on wednesday fell below the policy rate, or the rate at which banks borrow from the reserve bank of ...

after two years of negotiations, the reserve bank of india is set to allow hsbc to acquire 23 of the 31 branches in india of ...

china might refrain from stepping up its monetary stimulus or increasing spending because measures now in place are sufficient to ...

to increase exposure in research and development, the export import bank of india (exim bank) has decided to utilise rs ...

qualcomm ventures, the venture capital arm of chip maker qualcomm, plans to increase the pace of its investments in india. the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) might ease some norms for microfinance companies to ease the burden of provisioning in the andhra ...

india s wellness industry has been a lucrative investment destination for private equity (pe) funds during the last few years and ...

pti fitch on wednesday said rbi proposals on treatment of restructured loans would increase transparency and be positive for the ...

small industries and development bank of india (sidbi) has projected 17 per cent growth in micro, small and medium enterprises ...

polaris financial technology on wednesday said uganda-based housing finance bank has chosen it to deploy polaris core banking ...

global rating agency standard poor s (s p) today said bad loans of indian banks may increase further due to ...

state bank of bikaner and jaipur (sbbj) has reported a net profit of rs168 crore for the quarter ended june, a 31 per cent rise ...

lic housing finance on tuesday said its net profit for the quarter ended june 30 fell 11 per cent to rs228 crore from rs257 crore ...

bangalore-based private sector lender ing vysya bank ltd on tuesday reported a 38.4 per cent rise in net profit to rs130.1 crore ...

bangalore-based public sector lender canara bank on tuesday reported a 6.7 per cent rise in net profit to rs775 crore for the ...

gautam bhandari, the india head of morgan stanley infrastructure partners (msip), is set to leave the company. according to ...

foreign banks with limited branch presence in the country have witnessed a sharp decline in their earnings. revenues have ...

in the draft guidelines on health insurance announced by insurance regulatory and development authority of india (irda) in may, ...

just two years after its launch, the base rate the benchmark reference rate for all bank loans has come under the ...

six british asians have been convicted of offences relating to insider dealing ring that made a profit of over 730,000 ...

the company had posted a consolidated net profit of rs 353 crore in the same quarter of the previous fiscal, shriram transport ...

the rupee fell on tuesday to its lowest this month, as worries about the euro zone crisis continues to hit global risk assets ...

the new corporate debt recast (cdr) norms issued by the reserve bank last week will have a massive impact on the profitability of ...

indian bank has reported a 13.5 per cent growth in net profit during the first quarter ended june 30, to rs 462 crore, compared ...

the international finance corporation (ifc), a members of the world bank group, is considering $170 million loan to gujarat ...

large foreign banks in the country are grappling with the revised priority sector lending targets as these lenders do not have ...

within the next two years, the number of cases referred for debt restructuring might go up substantially, with the reserve bank ...

an agent of a mumbai-based private life insurance company was jolted when his employer asked him to refund a part of the ...

any company planning to undertake factoring business will have to register itself as an nbfc-factor with the ...

banks need not classify hedging of derivative contracts that are terminated partially or fully as restructured accounts. the ...

the state finance department has urged all district collectors to take stock of progress made with respect to establishment of ...

the public sector allahabad bank is putting its focus on urban financial inclusion, a move likely to expand its ...

government bond prices are likely to rise tomorrow, as deepening worries over the euro zone debt crisis might boost the appetite ...

the number of risk managers at srei infrastructure finance has increased by 63 per cent in the last two years and stands at 13. ...

indiabulls financial services reported a 20.5 per cent increase in net profit at rs 267 crore for the first quarter ended june ...

it is an open secret in the banking world the interest rates for many mortgages and loans are based on a benchmark that is ...

foreign institutional investors (fiis) on friday showed interest in buying government and corporate debt with no tenure or ...

a public interest litigation (pil) questioning the regulatory power of reserve bank of india (rbi) over cooperative banks has ...

in a move that will make it tougher for companies to restructure debt, a panel set up by the reserve bank of india has ...

rupee dollar last at 55.21 22 vs 55.12 13 close on thursday, though trading has been range-bound through most of the session.

karur vysya bank (kvb) has started implementing the recommendations of management consultancy boston consulting group (bcg), ...

public sector banks will not have to focus on their top line growth, as there will be no targets for them to meet credit and ...

kotak mahindra bank on thursday said its consolidated net profit for the quarter ended june 30 expanded 6.5 per cent to rs 443 ...

reeling under debts, telecom companies have approached the reserve bank of india (rbi), seeking relaxation in external borrowing ...

l t finance holdings ltd has reported 25.3 per cent growth in net profit, at rs 121 crore, in the june quarter on the back of ...

the so-called domestic systematically important banks (d-sib) might have to maintain a higher amount of capital to increase their ...

the reserve bank will soon launch an e-learning package as well as establish nodal offices for banks to address issues related to ...

the rupee gained on thursday as a sharp recovery in the euro prompted foreign banks to sell dollars, while a rise in domestic ...

the finance ministry has asked public sector banks not to accept bulk deposits beyond 15% of total deposits to improve ...

corporation bank will seek more time from the finance ministry to reduce its bulk deposit base, ajai kumar, chairman and managing ...

the finance ministry has reminded public sector banks (psbs) of restrictions on quotes (indicating interest rates) in auctions ...

srei bnp paribas, the 50 50 equipment financing joint venture company between kolkata-based srei group and french financial major ...

axis bank said on wednesday it has launched a mobile phone-based card acceptance service in association with prizm payments and ...

hsbc s india staff has come under the scanner for deficiencies in performing the role of offshore reviewers ...

the private equity (pe) industry is planning to approach the market regulator and the government to address anamolies in the new ...

trivitron healthcare, the chennai-based healthcare equipment firm with yearly revenue of about rs 500 crore, is understood to ...

in a first-of-its kind public offering, shriram transport finance has reserved 80 per cent of its rs 300-crore non-convertible ...

the city-based small-sized lender development credit bank (dcb) today said it expects 25% growth in advances this fiscal, buoyed ...

corporation bank will seek more time from the finance ministry to reduce its bulk deposit base, its chairman and managing ...

money market participants on tuesday asked for a relaxation in the foreign exchange norms imposed by the reserve bank of india ...

public sector lender central bank of india plans to focus on three sectors retail, agriculture and small and medium ...

the federal reserve chairman, ben s bernanke, gave no hint that the fed was any closer to embarking on a new round of economic ...

sks microfinance, the only listed microfinance company in the country, on tuesday said its rs 165-crore qualified institutional ...

speaking to a british parliamentary committee on tuesday, mervyn a king, governor of the bank of england, the country s ...

axis bank, the third largest private sector lender in the country, on tuesday said its net profit for the quarter ended june 30 ...

the global bank hsbc has been used by mexican drug cartels looking to get cash back into the united states, by saudi arabian ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao on tuesday said the country should move towards developing and using a producer ...

the finance ministry has slammed the brakes on short-term, unsecured loans of public sector banks. in a recent communication to ...

tamilnad mercantile bank (tmb) is in transition. with brand-building efforts, a new managing director and chief executive ...

bajaj finserv, the bajaj group s holding company for financial services business, reported a net profit growth of rs 195 crore ...

rating agency icra has revised the outlook on ifci s long-term bonds and bank borrowings from stable to negative. it, however, ...

reserve bank governor d subbarao today proposed a producers price index saying that the present structure of measuring inflation ...

public sector bank employees will go on a two-day nation-wide strike from july 25 to protest against government s moves to grant ...

the international monetary fund (imf) on monday cut india s economic growth estimate from 6.8 per cent to 6.1 per cent in ...

yields on government bonds eased on monday, owing to lower-than-expected inflation. inflation, as measured by the wholesale price ...

insurers may be burning their fingers in urban health portfolios for some time now, but the government s rural healthcare ...

fitch ratings on monday said there was more pain in store for india s infrastructure projects, already reeling under delays ...

the differences of opinion with the government were only natural and the reserve bank of india and the government ...

standard chartered bank, the largest foreign bank in the country in terms of branch presence, has sold rs 900-1,000 crore of ...

fifty-six per cent of indians who file tax returns late are below 30 years of age, according to a report of delhi-based e-return ...

south indian bank on monday said it would raise up to rs 500 crore through private placement of shares. the board decided to ...

thrissur-based south indian bank (sib) clocked a net profit of rs 123 crore for the first quarter, as against rs 82.5 crore for ...

air india ltd, which got a government bailout to avoid bankruptcy this year, is planning its biggest bond sale to refinance ...

the prospects of monetary easing this month remain dim. but the liquidity situation indicates banks could pass on the benefits if ...

in a periodic update of its economic forecast, the washington-based institution warned that the measures taken in europe have not ...

jerry del missier, a former senior barclays executive, faced tough questioning on monday about his role in the bank s ...

national bulk handling corporation (nbhc), the warehousing and collateral management arm of financial technologies, has signed a ...

headline as well as consumer price inflation was way above the reserve bank of india s comfort level, governor d subbarao ...

the rupee fell for the seventh session in nine on monday, tracking declines in domestic shares after data showing steady core ...

global banking giant citi has turned to the social media to gauge the public mood on offering banking transactions through ...

lic housing finance limited (lic hfl) is planning to launch its qualified institutional placement (qip), issuing 46 million fresh ...

publication of a timothy geithner memo has put the bank of england in a tight spot. geithner, then president of the new york ...

the small units-focused lender small industries development bank of india (sidbi) is ready to fund domestic msmes to acquire ...

procter gamble is a hulking target for an uppity investor like bill ackman. typical activist tactics like a breakup ...

the rupee is expected to retain the current level with the help of foreign fund inflows in the medium term, as narrowing trade ...

terming the impact of rbi s decision to deregulate savings accounts rates last year as insignificant for hdfc bank, ...

rejecting across the board restructuring of loans for the cash-starved textile sector, the reserve bank has asked banks to ...

the federal reserve bank of new york learned in april 2008, as the financial crisis was brewing, that at least one bank was ...

jpmorgan chase disclosed on friday that losses on its botched credit bet could climb to more than $7 billion and that the bank s ...

u.k. government bonds gained for a second week and the pound strengthened versus the euro amid signs the euro-region debt crisis ...

jpmorgan chase on friday reported a second-quarter profit of $5 billion, down 9 per cent, despite continuing losses from a ...

the bank of england released emails on friday detailing conversations about the setting of key interest rates in 2008 with ...

essar power is in talks with lenders to re-structure the principal debt of its coastal gujarat power project in salaya, bankers ...

the rupee strengthened the most in almost two weeks on speculation the central bank will join policy makers worldwide in taking ...

hdfc bank, the country s second largest in the private sector, has reported a 30.6 per cent increase in net profit to rs ...

sks microfinance ltd on friday announced the launch of its qualified institutional placement issue at a floor price of rs 75.40 ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic), the country s largest insurer, has raised its stake in infosys to 6.3 per cent, ...

foreign institutional investors (fiis) have cut exposure in two leading private lenders, icici bank and axis bank, but have ...

rupee extends rise to 55.38 40 from previous 55.93 94 close. domestic stocks and emerging asian fx gain after china posted gdp in ...

the rupee trimmed early gains against dollar but was still trading higher by 31 paise at 55.63 a dollar on selling by banks and ...

investment banker manisha girotra will head the indian operations of moelis and company, a global independent investment bank ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is planning to introduce financial products with returns that match the earnings from gold ...

reserve bank governor d subbarao on thursday said it was possible that subsidised agricultural credit is being diverted for other ...

while bad loans pile up on the books of banks, getting equity assistance for revival and turnaround of units is becoming more ...

the uneasy relationship between the finance ministry and the reserve bank of india (rbi) came out in the open yet again, with rbi ...

sobha developers, the publicly-held bangalore-based real estate developer, has gone to court against hsbc over restructuring of ...

sbi, the lead lender to kingfisher airlines, today said it is not for shutting down of the cash-strapped carrier but the lenders ...

with gold imports contributing substantially to india s current account deficit (cad), an rbi panel is looking into the aspects ...

state bank of india today said it will launch a marketing campaign for its benchmark bond issue next monday in hong kong, ...

as unemployment climbed and tax revenue fell, the city of baltimore laid off employees and cut services in the midst of the ...

heavy dollar buying in the last 30 minutes of trade wiped out the rupee s gains on wednesday, as the currency closed 24 ...

reflecting moderation in economic growth, bank credit rose 16.5 per cent year-on-year in the first quarter of this financial ...

private sector lender indusind bank has reported 31 per cent rise in net profit to rs 236.26 crore in the quarter ended june on ...

riding on healthy loan disbursals, housing development finance corporation (hdfc) on wednesday reported an 18.6 per cent rise in ...

private equity firms are more bullish about investment opportunities in 2012 than they were in 2011, but they don t expect ...

indian private equity (pe) players, unable to find right deals in the current economic environment and sitting on a cash pile, ...

since 2009, a clutch of high-profile fund managers like renuka ramnath, ajay relan, subbu subramaniam and sumir chadha quit their ...

the rupee fell on wednesday, tracking weaker global risk assets such as the euro, though large dollar sales by custodian banks ...

cholamandalam finance has infused rs 60 crore as part of turning around its subsidiary, cholamandalam factoring limited (cfact). ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will not allow any special dispensation for loans to be restructured by banks for the textile ...

bankers and representatives of mutual fund and insurance industries on tuesday raised with two key policy advisors of the ...

the central government is awaiting the reserve bank of india (rbi) s reply to the department s proposal to float post ...

janalakshmi financial services (jfs), the bangalore-based microfinance institution (mfi) promoted by ramesh ramanathan, has ...

insurance australia group is increasing its presence in asia including india in a bid to generate 10 per cent of its business ...

the reserve bank of india sold a record $10.3 billion in the forward market in may to curb volatility in the rupee, which has ...

robert e diamond jr, the former chief executive of barclays, will forgo deferred stock bonuses of up to $31 million, as the ...

large foreign banks in the country appear to have weathered the economic slowdown with strong growth in earnings, but standard ...

dismissing concerns of rising bad loans, icici bank managing director and ceo chanda kochhar today said that banking sector ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor h r khan on monday said the central bank would announce open market operations (omos) ...

infrastructure development finance company ltd (idfc) has sold a part of its holding in the national stock exchange (nse). the ...

amid instances of counterfeiting of notes, the reserve bank on monday said it was working on launching plastic currency and would ...

bankers have asked state electricity boards to increase power rates and cut leakages. the direction was given to ensure that the ...

india has offered amnesty to more than 100 wealthy citizens who evaded taxes by hiding funds in accounts at hsbc holdings plc ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has come down heavily on banks for not cutting interest rates, despite a reduction in the policy ...

on the backdrop of a slowing in gdp growth and policy uncertainty, infrastructure development finance company , the ...

the reserve bank of india has set a cap on merchant discount rates,or usage fees, for debit card transactions from september 1 to ...

top bankers and representatives from the mutual fund industry will meet c rangarajan, chairman of the prime minister s ...

with the dip in pace of credit offtake reflecting economic slowdown, banks are expected to report moderate growth in net interest ...

political leaders focused their attention on what senior officials knew about the barclays rate manipulation scandal after ...

the rupee slid fell to its lowest in more than a week on monday after data showing a fall in inflation in china and ...

amid instances of counterfeiting of notes, the reserve bank today said it is working on launching plastic currency and will soon ...

also, the share of foreign client assets in swiss banks dropped to 51% of their total asset under management at the end of 2011 ...

india inc s excess cash, which used to fetch double-digit returns if deposited in banks until recently, is finding very few ...

it was big news when the barclays chairman, marcus agius, resigned monday over his bank s role in the libor rate-fixing ...

corporate debt restructuring (cdr), which has already seen a five-fold jump in the first quarter of the financial year, is set to ...

after a flip-flop over instructions to public sector banks regarding the cap on corporate bulk deposits, the finance ministry has ...

top bankers of the country will meet reserve bank of india officials on monday, ahead of the first-quarter review of the monetary ...

the yields on government bonds are expected to move up, as markets do not expect any open market operations (omos) from the ...

barclays plc was sued by an investor who claimed her futures-trading business was harmed by the bank s admitted manipulation of ...

uk government bonds rose, snapping a four-week decline, as the bank of england voted to expand its asset-purchase program by ...

the philippine peso led gains in asian currencies this week on optimism central banks in the world s biggest economies will boost ...

union bank of india would install 100 talking automated teller machines (atms) this financial year to enable the ...

bankers have asked for revaluation of the kingfisher airlines brand, pledged with them by the airline s promoters in 2010. ...

expanding its area of operations beyond financing to micro, small and medium enterprises (msmes) in the country, small industries ...

insurers need to look beyond national boundaries and expand their operations abroad, sudhin roy chowdhury, member (life) of the ...

indian companies raised $3.37 billion (rs 18,630 crore) through external commercial borrowing (ecb) in may, to fund ...

the rupee fell against the dollar for a third session, tracking weakness in the euro and in asian currencies. economists said ...

weaker global risk assets sent the rupee lower for a third straight session on friday, sparking an unexpected intervention from ...

euro struggled at five-week lows on the greenback and life-time troughs against commodity currencies like the australian dollar ...

premiums for air india s annual insurance policy, coming for renewal on october 1, are likely to go up marginally to around $30 ...

nearly five million debtors have defaulted in repaying loans totalling a little more than rs 1 lakh crore from various ...

banks that had borrowed aggressively from the reserve bank of india on the first two days of the week had to then park their ...

even after entering a rate reversal cycle, the reserve bank of india (rbi) is refusing to give up on its fight against inflation. ...

with the european central bank cutting its main interest rate to a record low of 0.75 per cent a decision that weakened ...

the amount of rs 1,813 is lying unclaimed in the account of dr prasad in the punjab national bank s exhibition road branch, ...

global central banks went on the offensive against the faltering world economy, cutting interest rates and increasing bond buying ...

it also revised the norms for pricing of buyback transaction. the buyback value of fccbs shall be at a minimum discount of ...

public sector lender idbi bank has reorganised its corporate banking business to rationalise operations. it has merged large ...

bank of india (boi) today slashed interest rate on fixed deposits by 0.25 per cent on select maturities while union bank of india ...

after a good show in the first quarter aum numbers, sbi mutual fund today said it is hopeful of maintaining the momentum in the ...

in an effort to boost credit flow to agriculture, union bank of india today announced interest rate cut for various categories ...

federal regulators released so-called living wills on tuesday for nine of the nation s largest banks blueprints for ...

bond yields fell for a second session on wednesday on hopes of strong demand from foreign investors at an auction to sell new ...

robert e diamond jr, the chief executive of barclays, resigned on tuesday, less than a week after the british bank agreed to pay ...

according to investment bankers close to century, fortress had invested through convertible instruments. it has now indicated ...

for a continent that accounts for 10 per cent of the world s oil, 90 per cent of platinum group metals, 60 per cent of ...

the draft guidelines of the income tax department on the general anti-avoidance rules (gaar) have stumped private equity (pe) ...

just two days after asking public sector banks (psbs) to reduce the proportion of bulk deposits and certificates of deposit (cds) ...

the rupee snapped four-day gains to close 0.2 per cent lower on wednesday due to profit-booking by traders and high dollar demand ...

the liquidity management activity of the reserve bank of india (rbi) is not related to exchange rate movements, its deputy ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to relax some of the norms pertaining to microfinance institutions net worth, ...

the boston-based state street corporation is in talks with india s largest private lender, icici bank, for a partnership in ...

at a time when the competition commission of india has come down hard on 11 cement companies for what it termed price ...

tamil nadu has shown resilience during bad times, mainly due to its diversification. this is a good example of diversification ...

kerala-based federal bank today said it has tied up with samba, one of the largest banks in saudi arabia, for disposal of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi s) governor duvvuri subbarao today said that there is a disappointingly large number of ...

the rupee snapped a four-day winning streak on wednesday on the back of dollar demand from oil firms and tracking a slump in ...

microfinance institutions (mfis) in the country can breathe easy as the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to relax some of ...

axis bank today said it has entered into a tie-up with uae exchange and financial services to launch inward remittances through ...

the reserve bank today said reduction in merchant discount rate (mdr) for purchases made by debit card payment to 0.75-1%, which ...

reuters market eye - the rupee falls further to 54.64 65 versus its 54.36 37 close on tuesday as domestic shares give up gains ...

the rupee is trading at 54.51 52 versus its 54.36 37 close on tuesday as global risk assets cede some ground on a session marked ...

high interest rate is hurting the common man and the reserve bank of india (rbi) should cut interest rate gradually to spur ...

after getting a new lease of life in the form of debt recast, india s oldest micro-lender, bhartiya samruddhi finance (bsfl), is ...

private sector lender ratnakar bank on tuesday said its net profit surged 112 per cent in 2011-12 to rs 66 crore, driven by ...

maharashtra state electricity distribution co ltd, also known as mahaviataran, which has a consumer base of 19.5 million, is on ...

the indian overseas bank (iob) has got shareholder approval to raise a little over rs 400 crore. the bank has various options ...

the rupee has gained about five per cent against the dollar in just four days because of strong foreign fund inflows ahead of ...

the spotlight in the european debt crisis has now shifted decisively toward the influential leader of the european central bank, ...

fresh details about the case show how robert e diamond jr, the outgoing chief executive of barclays, and other senior executives ...

the small industries development bank of india (sidbi), was working on development initiatives for the benefit of micro, small ...

industry body assocham on tuesday asked the reserve bank of india (rbi) to allow further relaxations in the external commercial ...

citibank on tuesday said its profit after tax from india business expanded 35 per cent in 2011-12 to rs 1,922 crore from rs 1,424 ...

credit card users should pay their bills first and then lodge the complaint in case of a dispute with the card provider, said ...

state-owned banking giant sbi is planning to raise up to $2 billion in overseas borrowings through dollar-denominated bonds and ...

hdfc bank india s second largest private sector bank has rolled out its exclusive range of credit cards for ...

state-run banks have urged the reserve bank of india (rbi) to consider perpetual non-cumulative preference shares (pncps) as part ...

marcus agius, the chairman of barclays, resigned on monday, less than a week after the big british bank agreed to pay $450 ...

the national housing bank (nhb) on monday announced formation of an indian mortgage guarantee company, a joint venture with ...

the proposed basel-iii capital norms have prompted several mid- and small-sized private banks in the country to go for a ...

factors such as policy actions aimed at growth revival, better outlook on growth and inflation and easing of the current account ...

traders, stung by the rupee s volatility, are increasingly using as benchmark the reference rate declared by the reserve ...

don t be surprised if an insurance agent walks into your home with a tablet in his hand and offers a life ...

state bank of india planned to raise at least $500 million through a five-year foreign bond sale as soon as this month, two ...

state bank of india aims to raise at least $500 million through a five-year overseas bond sale as soon as this month, two sources ...

punjab national bank today revised its deposit rates downwards on foreign currency non-resident (fcnr) accounts with maturity of ...

reuters market eye - the rupee is trading at 55.63 64 versus previous close of 55.6050 6150. in early trade, the usd inr had ...

the rain gods have not been favourable so far, raising doubts on the reserve bank of india (rbi) s ability to cut rates to ...

the total deposits of the banks in tamil nadu rose 30.65 per cent during the year-ended march 31, 2012, touching rs 4,29,072.09 ...

allahabad bank is planning to increase its footprint in south india by opening 100 of the 250 branches proposed for the current ...

the state bank of india (sbi) on saturday raised interest rate by 25 basis points (bps) for deposits with maturity of three to ...

the centre s fiscal deficit stood at rs 141,587 crore in the first two months of 2012-13, constituting 27.6 per cent of the ...

in order to lend a helping hand to the micro, small and medium enterprises (msme) sector, which is under enormous stress, the ...

bank loans to the industrial sector registered slower growth in may, compared with the same period of the previous year, due to ...

favourable factors on domestic and global fronts took the rupee back to a two-week high on friday. the rupee recorded two per ...

hdfc bank, the second largest private sector lender in the country, has reduced its lending rates by 20 basis points (bps), ...

electronic transfer of wages to bank accounts of beneficiaries under central flagship programme - mahatma gandhi national ...

indian overseas bank today said it is waiting for the right time on its proposal to raise funds of $500 million ...

the rupee strengthened on friday after the government confirmed it won t impose retroactive taxes on foreign investors and as ...

the government and the reserve bank of india (rbi) are in discussions to create a fund to bail out companies facing headwinds in ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao has ruled out the possibility of a fiscal stimulus, noting the budgetary deficit ...

the deleveraging induced by new capital and liquidity standards might hit the availability of funds for trade and infrastructure ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has raised concern on the rapid growth of gold loan companies, as the high dependency of these ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday said interconnectedness among banks had risen in the last financial ...

though various policy decisions have been taken by the government to provide relief to ailing state-owned power distribution ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday said the perception of a slowdown in policy making had impacted the foreign exchange ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has expressed concern on banks importing gold coins for retail sales, as households investing in ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has slapped a fine of rs 1.47 crore on hdfc life insurance for ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has lashed out at banks for attributing their higher bad loans to a fallout of the automated bad ...

amid tight regulatory norms set by the reserve bank of india (rbi), non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) engaged in the gold ...

losses on jpmorgan chase s bungled trade could total as much as $9 billion, far exceeding earlier public estimates, ...

in a statement that might send a shiver down the spine of the state government, a top state bank of india (sbi) official has said ...

insurance sector regulator irda today imposed a hefty fine of rs 1.47 crore on hdfc life insurance for violation of various ...

reserve bank deputy governor kc chakrabarty today said educating the common man about the speculative nature of gold investments ...

innovative service delivery models, including mobile banking and atms, and the ability to satisfy customers will drive the growth ...

deutsche bank today hiked its deposit rates for domestic and nre depositors in the range of 1.10-1.40 % for various tenors.

the ability of indian banks and corporates to borrow overseas could be hit if the country s sovereign rating is downgraded, the ...

the country s largest lender sbi has cut interest rate on loans to exporters by 0.5% within days of the reserve bank increasing ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on wednesday said it has decided to phase out short term subordinated debt as an eligible source ...

dbs bank india unit, arm of dbs of singapore, has reported a 164 per cent increase in net profit at rs 335 crore for fy12 from rs ...

deposits in the banking system have fallen for the fortnight ended june 15, as lenders continued to shed high-cost deposit while ...

zee learn, the education arm of the subhash chandra-led essel group, plans to take the private equity route to fund its expansion ...

on monday, mumbai-based ask group announced the final closure of its rs 1,000-crore domestic realty fund, one the highest mop-ups ...

in may, internet classified company quikr received $36 million in one of its largest funding rounds. private equity (pe) entity ...

tp raman, managing director of sundaram asset management company (sundaram amc), will be stepping down from his position by the ...

barclays has agreed to pay more than $450 million to resolve accusations that it attempted to manipulate key interest rates, the ...

karnataka vikas grameena bank (kvgb), the lead regional rural bank covering nine districts of north and coastal karnataka has ...

for the first time since september 2010, the life insurance industry managed to arrest the slide in premium collection in ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has allowed kotak mahindra bank time till march 2018 to reduce the promoters shareholding ...

the recent relaxation for the raising of funds via external commercial borrowing (ecb) might help only a handful of companies. ...

hsbc is likely to raise up to rs 2,450 crore by selling its stake in axis bank and yes bank, said senior bankers familiar with ...

the reserve bank today asked primary dealers to phase out tier iii bonds, a short-term fund raising tool made available to such ...

the rupee fell on wednesday, staying near record lows, as oil importers stepped up their dollar purchases at the end of the ...

state bank of india is expected to report a higher than anticipated deterioration in asset quality in its first quarter of fy13 ...

weaker local currencies are weighing on gold demand from india, the world s largest consumer of the precious metal, and ...

the rupee was under pressure in early trade on wednesday as traders expect month-end dollar demand from state-run oil refiners ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to clamp down on gold coin sales by banks, amid rising bullion imports adding pressure ...

the total outlay of the state credit plan (scp) for the year 2012-13 has been proposed at rs 1,10,945 crore, according to ba ...

not enthused by the reserve bank of india (rbi) steps unveiled yesterday to attract capital flows, state bank of india (sbi) ...

state-run uco bank needs close to rs 14,000 crore over the next five years to meet the new basel-iii capital norms, chairman and ...

the move follows yesterday s enhancement of the fii investment limit in government securities (g-secs) by $5 billion, to ...

india inc s problems with the falling rupee are getting deeper. with almost $5.2 billion or rs 28,600 crore (at rs 55 $) of ...

the rupee fell to an intra-day low of 57.2 against the greenback on month-end dollar demand from oil companies. however, dollar ...

the reserve bank offices in mumbai and navi mumbai will remain closed for public transactions on july 2, 2012 on account of ...

state-run uco bank needs close to rs 14,000 crore over the next five years to meet the new basel iii capital norms, its chairman ...

the small industries development bank of india (sidbi) on monday said it would utilise the rs 5,000 cr venture fund allocated to ...

the finance ministry has asked the general insurance companies to do away with the policy of under-pricing the risks for the sake ...

billionaire investor george soros called on europe to start a fund to buy italian and spanish bonds, warning that a failure by ...

woes of power sector seem to be just growing by days. andhra pradesh based 460 mw konaseema gas power, a project promoted by vbc ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) s decision to raise the cap on foreign investment in government bonds failed to cheer the ...

sks microfinance limited, the only listed microfinance company in the country, has secured employment for 248 displace employees ...

to help small businesses tide over the issue of raising finances, specialised financial institution sidbi today said it will soon ...

vijaya bank has announced opening of 171 ultra small branches in a single day under the financial inclusion (fi) villages ...

reuters - india took more measures on monday to bolster a weakening rupee after it hit a record low on friday, but failed to ...

the rupee weakened further on monday, erasing all of the session s gains and heading towards a record low, as measures to boost ...

private sector banks have steadily gained market share in saving accounts, even before the central bank freed interest rate for ...

the reserve bank of india likely sold dollars via state-run banks starting at around 56.90 rupees to prevent a further slide in ...

the indian rupee rallied more than 1 percent on monday on hopes for government measures to halt a slump in the currency, which ...

an organisation that serves as an umbrella for the world s largest central banks joined a growing list of institutions and ...

the government and the reserve bank of india (rbi) are set to announce a slew of measures tomorrow to address the sharp rupee ...

for market participants, the level of the rupee does not matter as much as its stability. while concrete measures are awaited, ...

asian currencies fell this week, led by india s rupee and the malaysian ringgit, as signs the world economy is ...

with rupee touching all-time low of rs 57.30 to a us dollar, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has directed state-owned oil ...

fullerton india credit co ltd, a temasek-owned non-banking finance company, will rehaul its lending strategy to pare the share of ...

lenders to the ailing kingfisher airlines are to review the status of its account next week, after the company announced losses ...

the rupee plunged the most in nine months to breach the 57-a-dollar mark on concerns that a slow rate of economic growth would ...

sks microfinance on friday said the andhra pradesh high court has issued an interim order suspending the district rural ...

moody s investors service suffered a downgrade of its own as markets responded to the company s rating cuts yesterday ...

edelweiss group is planning to infuse around rs 180 crore equity into its housing finance arm edelweiss housing finance limited ...

the rupee hit a record low against the dollar for a second consecutive session on friday and posted its worst weekly fall in nine ...

the rupee fell to a record low against the dollar at 56.80 for the second successive session on friday as risk assets continued ...

ratings agency moody s has placed tata power company s (tpc s) ba3 corporate family rating on review for a possible ...

standard and poor s, an international ratings agency, on thursday said about half of the 48 companies with foreign currency ...

the hawkish statement on inflation from the reserve bank of india (rbi) in its mid-quarter review of monetary policy has dashed ...

global risk aversion dragged the rupee to a fresh all-time low of 56.56 on thursday, as investors shed risky assets and the ...

the rupee fell to a record low against the dollar on thursday, as the euro and other risk assets were hit by disappointment about ...

the reserve bank of india likely sold dollars via state-run banks on thursday after the rupee came close to hitting a record low ...

the government has appointed a third executive director in large public sector banks (psbs) such as punjab national bank, bank of ...

the federal reserve will expand its program to replace short-term bonds with longer-term debt by $267 billion through the end of ...

the temasek-owned finance company had revised its business strategy, with increased focus on secured asset classes, tight credit ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on wednesday permitted non-banking companies to set up and operate automated teller machines ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will continue with its mid-quarter review of the annual monetary policy for at least a year, it ...

the unexpected pause in the monetary easing cycle has postponed hopes of further rate cuts, jacking up interest rates on ...

state bank of india, the country s largest lender, would cut interest rates on loans for exporters by 25-50 basis points, a ...

braving regulatory uncertainties, private equity (pe) deals almost doubled in the microfinance sector in india in 2011, with ...

the world was a different place in early 2008. the mood was bullish in india over 2005-08, private equity (pe) ...

though the initial public offering market remains weak and a cause of concern for private equity (pe) investors, speciality ...

come october, the life insurance industry may be left with only a handful of products, as the regulator wants companies to ...

the rupee weakened for a third consecutive session on wednesday to end below 56 to the dollar for the first time in june, as ...

the joint ventures (jvs) and subsidiaries of banks might come under the reserve bank of india s purview if a high-level ...

the reserve bank on tuesday asked banks to finalise the road map for providing banking services to villages with less than 2,000 ...

banks are leaving no stone unturned to grab a larger share of deposits flowing in from non-resident indians (nris), with ...

rates on short-term debt instruments increased on tuesday as tight liquidity conditions, saw banks raise issuances of ...

the top three private banks in the country icici bank, hdfc bank and axis bank have rewarded their chief ...

the odisha government has given its nod for merger of the loss-making urban co-operative bank with pune-based cosmos co-operative ...

deutsche bank on tuesday said its profit after tax from the india business expanded 31 per cent to rs 823 crore in 2011-12 ...

the moderation in bank lending to small and medium enterprises (smes) due to a liquidity squeeze has forced them to opt for ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao on tuesday came out with a strong defence of the monetary policy stance announced ...

the indian government must reduce spending and not just raise taxes for fiscal consolidation, the reserve bank of india s ...

the rupee fell for a second session on tuesday, hitting a 2-1 2 week low at one point, on the back of strong dollar demand from ...

use of securitisation and reconstruction of financial assets and enforcement of security interest act (srfaesia), 2002 or ...

there is good news for the msme sector in uttarakhand. the state bank of india (sbi), india s largest bank, will open an ...

the wait for interest rate cuts will get longer after the central bank opted for status quo in its mid-quarter review of monetary ...

warren buffett, whose prediction last year of a housing recovery was premature, is raising his bet on a rebound with his $3.85 ...

reuters - the rbi left interest rates and required bank reserves unchanged on monday, defying widespread expectations for a rate ...

chief economic adviser kaushik basu on monday said herd mentality of ratings agencies led to fitch s revision of ...

reuters - the rbi left interest rates and crr unchanged on monday, defying widespread expectations for a rate cut and warning ...

bankers are not known for their benevolence, especially when it comes to loan recovery or reduction in interest rates. this is ...

smartinvestor hi, this is puneet wadhwa and we have gaurav kapur, senior economist, royal bank of scotland with us for an ...

ahead of the first mid-quarter review of monetary policy by the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday, the industry today asked ...

the banks are on high alert. hundreds of employees at big firms, some part of special teams, on standby this sunday, are waiting ...

the head of the european central bank and other euro zone leaders worked on saturday on a grand vision for the euro zone meant to ...

the race to raisina hill may put a brake on mamata banerjee s ma, maati, manush schemes till at least till the next lok sabha ...

pranab mukherjee first became finance minister on january 15, 1982. indira gandhi, then prime minister, asked him whether he ...

the department of industrial policy and promotion (dipp) has finally sanctioned the proposal of allowing foreign direct ...

the high cost of funds could come in the way of effective monetary policy transmission, as bankers may find it difficult to cut ...

rbi governor duvvuri subbarao is expected to go slow on his over two-year-old anti-inflationary posture and unveil a softer ...

multi-currency travel cards are gaining popularity among indian travellers, prompting private sector banks to make a dash to ...

state bank of india s net interest margins were above the annual guidance of 3.75 per cent in the first two months of the ...

state bank of india, the country s biggest lender, plans to borrow $1 billion to $2 billion from the overseas market in the next ...

the banking sector is likely to witness moderate growth in 2012-13 coupled with downside risks to net interest margins (nims) ...

microfinance institutions (mfis) that work outside andhra pradesh have registered a growth in loan disbursement, while their ...

andhra bank has proposed to open at least five branches in southern odisha districts, including three in naxal infested ...

to check the lack of servicing of life insurance policies originally secured by an agent who s quit his agency with an ...

state bank of india (sbi), the largest public sector lender in the country, reduced its loan rates for the agriculture and small ...

days ahead of the rbi reviewing the interest rate, state bank of india (sbi) today announced cut in lending rates between ...

the rupee rose on friday helped by positive global cues, though trading could be range-bound as traders await the outcome of ...

with the reserve bank of india (rbi) allowing people to receive money more than twice a month from abroad, the companies ...

eight public sector banks operating in the state have faltered on achieving the annual credit plan (acp) for 2012-13, having ...

there is good news for farmers in maharashtra. those who are yet to receive funds from cooperative banks can now expect them from ...

as a step to enhance flow of risk capital to micro, small and medium enterprises in it sector, small industries development bank ...

the excise and service tax department, which was contemplating imposing service tax on the office of comptroller and auditor ...

even as the deficits on fiscal and current account fronts have been building up, it is highly unlikely that the country could ...

the government, along with major financial regulators the reserve bank of india and the securities and exchange board of ...

indian banks are unlikely to see a surge in non-performing assets (npas) despite uncertainty in the macro-economic environment, ...

indian companies have raised a whopping rs 2.54 lakh crore through private placement of debt securities or bonds in 2011-12 ...

the european central bank said it can t release files showing how greece may have used derivatives to hide its borrowings ...

after raising $4.5 million (rs 25.08 crore) from accion and pragati india fund, microfinance company saija finance ltd is looking ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) heads into it s mid-term quarterly policy review on monday, against a fairly challenging ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is expected to cut the policy rate by 25-50 basis points in its mid-quarter monetary policy ...

foreign brokerage macquarie on thursday downgraded the hdfc stock, saying the country s biggest mortgage lender had used ...

the rupee fell on thursday, tracking sharp declines in local shares, as the rbi was expected to cut rates less aggressively after ...

public sector banks employees have threatened to go on a two-day strike on july 25 and 26 against proposed banking law ...

after falling for a fortnight, the growth in bank deposits and advances improved towards the end of the second month of the ...

venture capitalists, keen to exit their investments in india, would prefer to do so via initial public offerings (ipos) than rush ...

the consumer story in india makes fast moving consumer goods (fmcg) space an attractive destination for private equity and ...

despite being one of the leading investors in the e-commerce segment in india, venture capital company accel partners says there ...

mangalore-based corporation bank is targeting to grow its total business by over 26 per cent to rs 3 lakh crore in the current ...

jpmorgan chase co chief executive officer jamie dimon spent much of his time at a hearing where us senators aimed to put ...

the government on wednesday pulled up state-run insurance companies over mounting losses, and asked them to reorganise their ...

huge losses during 2011-12 have prompted gic re to go for a first start performance-based commissions to non-life insurers. the ...

k c chakrabarty, deputy governor of the reserve bank of india (rbi), has got an extension for three more months. ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned a loan of rs 809 crore for irrigation projects in ...

bank shares gained on tuesday on the buzz of a reduction in the cash reserve ratio (crr) by the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

we hope the reserve bank of india (rbi) will continue to ease to support growth on june 18. given april 17 s 50-basis point ...

taking the benefit of high interest rates and a sharp fall in the rupee s value, non-resident indians (nris) deposited a ...

the rupee fell for a third consecutive session on tuesday, hitting at one point its lowest against the dollar in more than a ...

the rupee fell past 56 on tuesday to hit its lowest against the dollar in more than one week as part of a sell-off in global risk ...

india s uber-rich are now keen to set up private museums to display their treasured asset collections. high net worth ...

with the takeout financing scheme not taking off as envisaged, the union finance ministry will take up the issue with bankers ...

government nominees on the boards of public sector banks, financial institutions and insurance companies might now dominate the ...

the us, european union (eu) and japan may fail to fully implement bank-capital rules drawn up to prevent a repeat of the ...

a rate cut by the reserve bank of india (rbi) next week will not be enough to spur banks to lower lending rates immediately, ...

give us time to digest what you re dishing out, the life insurance industry is trying to persuade the insurance regulatory ...

hdfc chairman deepak parekh has come down heavily on the political class for what he calls self-induced problems that the indian ...

with rising uncertainty in global markets and mismatch in pricing expectations, borrowings from abroad by indian companies fell ...

financial market euphoria over a european bailout for spain s debt-stricken banks faded quickly on monday as investors ...

merger and acquisitions in the banking sector will be exempted from the purview of competition watchdog cci if the banking (laws) ...

yields on government bonds may ease as the reserve bank of india (rbi) will purchase rs 12,000 crore worth of securities under ...

bank of india and export import bank of india (exim bank) plan to establish presence in myanmar through branches and ...

europe may have sidestepped its latest catastrophe, at least for the moment, by hammering out a euro 100-billion bailout plan for ...

stepping in to support the ckp cooperative bank, maharashtra urban co-op banks federation (mucbf) has appealed the bank s ...

chennai-based repco bank, a co-operative bank under the union ministry of home, is waiting for the reserve bank of india (rbi) to ...

spain may today move closer to becoming the fourth euro-area nation to receive aid, as the international monetary fund said the ...

treasury yields had the biggest weekly increase in almost three months as bets european leaders may make progress stemming their ...

with improvement in liquidity and some dip in cost of funds, interest rates on home loans may decline by 25-50 basis points, said ...

a senior official of the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said tight monetary policy alone was not responsible for the slowing ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today announced an auction under open market operations (omos) to purchase rs 12,000 crore of ...

seeking top priority for economic growth, chief economic advisor kaushik basu today said the reserve bank of india (rbi) should ...

guess who is ready to don the sleuth s hat bankers will soon get an opportunity to join the ranks of inspectors in the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on friday raised the limit on the number of foreign remittances an individual can receive from 12 ...

banks must assign unique customer identification codes to their new as well as existing clients by may 31, 2013, the reserve bank ...

the rupee today closed down by as much as 48 paise at 55.42 against dollar amid spurt in demand for the us currency after fitch s ...

bankers today said they expect the reserve bank to cut its key rates by 0.25% at the forthcoming mid-quarter review given the ...

the reserve bank today said it has cut down the threshold limit in real time gross settlement system transactions to rs 1 lakh ...

banks have logged growth of 24.6 per cent in credit flow to the msme (micro, small medium enterprises) sector in 2011-12. ...

on what the government felt on the interest rate scenario, economic affairs secretary r gopalan said, we see a possibility ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) expects to expand its balance sheet by rs 30,000 crore in ...

the rates on short-term debt instruments like certificates of deposits (cds) and commercial papers (cps) have fallen by 25-30 ...

the rupee extended its gains today on the back of foreign fund inflows and dollar weakness, with a rate cut in china in late ...

the union cabinet on thursday allowed capital infusion of rs 632 crore in the cash-hungry regional rural banks (rrbs), and ...

india s private lenders, icici bank and yes bank, on thursday signed a collaborative deal with the export-import bank of ...

the government is likely to extend k c chakrabarty s tenure as deputy governor of the reserve bank of india (rbi) by two ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, has reduced short-term retail term deposit rates by 25 basis ...

banks have logged growth of 24.59 per cent in credit flow to the msme (micro, small medium enterprises) sector in 2011-12. ...

country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), has decided to cut interest rates on retail term deposits by 25 bps for ...

the rupee strengthened further on thursday afternoon, breaking below the 55 per dollar mark as inflows from custodian banks ...

the life insurance corporation (lic) of india has come under the scanner in chhattisgarh for allegedly committing serious ...

central bank of india on wednesday said misuse of farm loans was the prime reason of increasing npas (non-performing assets). the ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sought clarity from the uttar pradesh government on the ...

country s first automated teller machine (atm) which can be operated independently by a visually impaired person, know as ...

everstone capital, an india-focused private equity funding entity with $1.5 billion (about rs 8,300 crore) of assets under ...

sequoia capital india pvt ltd, one of the leading private equity funds in india with as much as $1.4 billion (around rs 7,700 ...

the european central bank left interest rates on hold as the debt crisis tightens its grip on the euro-area economy, increasing ...

wall street bankers are bracing for another round of job cuts as a downturn in the global economy cuts into earnings from ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on wednesday released new guidelines for financial literacy and credit counselling centres after ...

the state-owned company paid out 728 claims, amounting to rs 713 crore during 2011-12, the highest since starting operations in ...

the government has amended the rules to make the loan sanctioning mechanism transparent in public sector banks (psbs). lenders ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor k c chakrabarty on tuesday blamed the failure of microfinance institutions in andhra ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has called for a complete overhaul of human resource practices at banks, especially public sector ...

while slowing growth, lower core inflation and fall in crude oil prices make a case for rate cuts in the upcoming policy review, ...

sajeev krishnan has taken charge as the chief general manager of state bank of travancore (sbt). he started his career in 1977 as ...

the future of the deposits of about 10,000 account-holders of scam-tainted madhavpura mercantile cooperative bank (mmcb) looks ...

public sector banks (psbs) may have to set aside about rs 14,000 crore before january 2013 as unamortised pension liabilities to ...

days before bank of america shareholders approved the bank s $50 billion purchase of merrill lynch in december 2008, top ...

spanish bonds rose for a third day as prime minister mariano rajoy s call to boost efforts to protect the region s ...

an intensifying financial crisis in spain or elsewhere in europe has the potential to drive american stocks into a bear market, ...

first posting at rural branches or offices after recruitment may become mandatory at public sector banks (psbs). banks might ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday cancelled the banking licence of scam-hit madhavpura mercantile cooperative bank (mmcb) ...

the era of government-owned companies being offered the best interest rate by public sector banks (psbs) despite being ...

liquidity in the banking system has returned to the reserve bank of india s stated comfort zone of one per cent of banks net ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday reiterated the room for it to consider interest rate cuts had increased, thanks to the ...

shrinath bolloju will succeed gunit chadha as the chief executive officer for deutsche bank s india business, industry ...

former chairman and managing director of syndicate bank n k tingalaya said micro credit played an important role in effective ...

it has been a month since the reserve bank of india (rbi) increased the ceiling on interest rates that indian banks could offer ...

mumbai-based urban cooperative bank, zoroastrian co-operative bank limited (zcbl) has acquired surat-based city co-operative bank ...

amid concern on the slackening performance of state-owned insurance companies, finance minister pranab mukherjee is set to meet ...

life seems to have turned a full circle for some professionals in the microfinance industry of andhra pradesh, but with tragic ...

punjab national bank (pnb), which had proposed to buy 30 per cent in metlife insurance for rs 1, has reworked the sale agreement ...

it seems that fund managers who have launched pe funds recently want to stick to indian culture while picking names for their ...

state bank of travancore (sbt) has launched an inter-bank mobile payment service (imps) for transferring money among bank ...

icici bank s losses on its security receipts portfolio have nearly doubled to rs 408 crore in the financial year 2011-12, ...

the rupee, which touched a fresh low last week, is expected to stay under pressure in the near term, as concerns from the ...

the nation s banks will continue to witness a compression in their critical net interest margins even during the current fiscal, ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is set to ban the controversial highest net asset value ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor k c chakrabarty on friday said the rupee s depreciation was an outcome of real ...

the prospects of monetary easing in the mid-quarter policy review on june 18 brightened on friday. apart from falling commodity ...

fitch ratings has revised the outlook for the chennai-based indian bank to negative from stable, on increasing pressure on its ...

two years ago, vilas yelmar took out a 200,000 rupee bank loan to develop a small grape orchard in a dusty hamlet southeast of ...

a committee of the reserve bank of india (rbi) has suggested increasing the foreign institutional investment limit in the ...

jammu kashmir bank has revamped its wholesale banking strategy to increase its emphasis on working capital finance as ...

bankers to debt-ridden bharati shipyard have declined, so far, to convert part of their loans into equity to protect ...

the insurance regulator has slapped a fine of rs 1.18 crore on icici prudential life, india s second-largest private life ...

the rupee fell to an all-time low of 56.52 against the dollar but closed 0.2 per cent up over the previous close on talk that the ...

the bandh didn t have much impact on the banking sector but officials said footfall witnessed a drop at branches. according ...

the rupee today tumbled by 26 paise to trade at a new low of rs 56.50 against the us dollar in early trade on increased capital ...

as private equity and venture capital investors struggle to find the right deals (due to high valuations and lack of quality ...

month-end dollar demand from oil marketing companies and growing risk aversion globally led the rupee past the psychological ...

the finance ministry has asked state-run general insurers to increase premiums on health insurance, motor and other policies, and ...

a close reading of the uk upper tribunal s recent decision on an appeal by a former ubs employee reveals the possibility of ...

morgan stanley has received an in-principle approval from the rbi for a banking licence, a spokesman for the us bank said on ...

chennai-based non-banking finance company, sundaram finance limited, is expecting a tough market in near future, considering the ...

the state level bankers committee (slbc), karnataka, has identified six districts in the state as underbanked districts. ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee will meet the chairmen and managing directors of state-run banks on june 12 to review their ...

deputy governor of the reserve bank of india (rbi) anand sinha on tuesday said burgeoning non-performing assets (npas) in the ...

flagging the risks of fiscal slippage and liquidity squeeze, the reserve bank of india on tuesday said state governments must ...

state bank of india (sbi) is revamping the structure within business circles to improve oversight and recoveries. the ...

first it was citibank which ended its exclusive tie-up with jet airways, after 12 years. now it is the turn of american express ...

state bank of india on tuesday said it would reduce the proportion of its net non-performing assets (npas) to the total from the ...

regarded as a major boost for china s campaign to globalise its currency, china and japan have agreed to start direct ...

sustained fall in rupee during the last fiscal 2012 has boosted non-resident indian deposits with banks in gujarat. as per the ...

the karnataka vikas grameen bank (kvgb) under the financial inclusion scheme has covered 418 villages and of this, 53 villages ...

taking a que from union finance minister pranab mukherjee, who expressed concern on monday over the asset quality of the banks, ...

state bank of india (sbi) will approach moody s to take a relook at its rating of the bank. this comes in the backdrop of ...

insurance ombudsmen may soon be allowed to deal with the grievances of individual consumers involving claims higher than the rs ...

a rise in cost of deposits has resulted in a significant drop in net interest margin (nims) of banks in consecutive quarters. ...

current account deficit (cad) was likely to improve in the short-term owing to the falling crude oil prices, coupled with a dip ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee on monday expressed concern over the rise of non-performing assets (npas) of banks at an ...

unitech ltd, a realty major, has accused deutsche bank of selling it an interest-rate swap that wasn t suitable and ...

the sharp fall in the value of the rupee against the dollar the domestic currency crossed rs 56 last week had ...

ahead of the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) mid-quarterly policy review on june 18, state bank of india on monday ...

icici bank has emerged as the top arranger of domestic bond issues. the country s largest private sector bank was the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has removed restrictions imposed on banks which earlier prevented lenders from levying penalty on ...

the reserve bank and 926 branches of public and private banks will accept advance income tax in mumbai and navi mumbai to avoid ...

the rupee is expected to stay under pressure this week because of the month-end dollar demand from oil companies. in addition, ...

the vananchal gramin bank in jharkhand has made a record profit of rs 16.21 crore in the financial year 2011-12 among the ...

a higher interest rate of up to 7% on savings bank deposits seems to be helping small new-generation banks like yes bank, ...

the insurance regulator has capped the agents commission paid by insurers for selling policies with limited premium ...

sbi cards, joint venture between state bank of india and ge capital, aims to add 1 million credit cards to its portfolio over ...

the rupee appreciated on friday for the second day in a row, with help from exporters as they took advantage of low levels and ...

the third largest credit card issuer sbi cards today said it will be focussing on tier 2 and 3 centres for growth in the near ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday threatened exporters and banks with penal action if they were found violating its ...

sks microfinance, the only listed micro lender in the country, plans to offer an endowment life insurance policy to its borrowers ...

borrowers from microfinance institutions (mfis) in andhra pradesh were not aware that they were insured and that a part of the ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor, d subbarao, on thursday indicated more interventions to arrest the slide of the rupee ...

indusind bank on wednesday announced the appointment of r s sharma as additional director on its board. sharma is the former ...

state-run canara bank on wednesday posted 17 per cent dip in its consolidated net profit at rs 3,341.69 crore for 2011-12. for ...

by the end of march this year, banks have extended facilities for banking in 1875 villages through opening brick and mortar ...

the rupee hit a fresh low again on wednesday, as global headwinds continued to hammer the fundamentally weak currency amid a ...

the real estate sector in india, which is in a slump, is witnessing a flood of new or follow-on private equity (pe) funds in the ...

shriram group, the rs 50,000-crore diversified chennai-headquartered conglomerate, is understood to be firming up a strategic ...

the rapid slide of the rupee against the dollar, rising inflation, burgeoning prices of essential commodities and another dose of ...

direct sale of dollars by the reserve bank of india (rbi) to state-run oil companies should not be ruled out, the chief economic ...

the sharp fall in market value compared to its real effective exchange rate (reer) has made the rupee an undervalued currency, ...

temasek holdings pte, singapore s state-owned investment company, said it expects the markets to enter a period of ...

cibil, or credit information bureau of india ltd, which provides credit information to credit guarantors, is now extending its ...

strong dollar demand from oil importers pushed the rupee to fresh lows for the fifth day in succession on tuesday, as the reserve ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has cancelled the licence of bhimashankar nagari sahakari bank ltd, of ausa in latur district of ...

in april, private companies continued to be a drag on the life insurance sector s new premium collection. data collected by ...

state-run power finance corporation (pfc) is looking to finance coal mining and gas station projects in india and abroad as part ...

the government on tuesday tabled in parliament the microfinance institutions (development regulation) bill, seeking to make ...

among traders the rbi s latest measures to target arbitrage and speculation is seen as akin to bringing a knife to a gunfight. ...

the former head of a trading desk at ubs ag s wealth-management unit in london must pay 1.25 million pounds ($2 million) ...

microfinance institutions (mfis) have something to cheer about. securitised microfinance loans are getting grades that are better ...

banks are to use the hard bargain they drove to recast debt worth rs 35,000 crore of rajasthan state power distribution companies ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), on monday closed 3.27 per cent higher after leading foreign ...

portuguese investment bank espirito santo has raised concerns over the accounting processes of bangalore-based biotechnology ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday said capital flows would determine where the indian currency was headed. the rupee has ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) stepped in yet again to curb volatility arising out of the arbitrage opportunity in the currency ...

promoters of financially troubled companies may now have to put the money where their mouth is, if they want their loans ...

the rupee today dropped by 30 paise to 54.72 against the us dollar in late morning trade, due to on fresh demand for the american ...

bank of america merrill lynch (bofa-ml) has put its indian wealth management unit on sale, along with its other non-us wealth ...

with profitable growth replacing expansion drive as the buzzword in the sector, the country s ...

having fallen to fresh lows thrice last week, the rupee is expected to get some respite, with dollar inflows from exchange ...

asian currencies had the biggest weekly drop since november, as concern europe s debt crisis will worsen spurred demand for ...

beating expectations, state bank of india (sbi) has posted a 200-times rise in net profit to rs 4,050 crore for the fourth ...

state bank of india (sbi) will approach moody s investor service to review its rating, which was downgraded by the global ...

foreign exchange reserves had their second consecutive weekly fall, coming down by $1.37 billion to $291.80 billion on the back ...

as the rupee continued its downward slide, rbi deputy governor subir gokarn today said all options are considered to check its ...

the rupee recovered after earlier dropping to its third consecutive daily record low, tracking a recovery in domestic stocks and ...

the rupee today tumbled by 35 paise to trade at a new all-time time low of rs 54.82 against the us dollar in early trade on ...

the reserve bank of india s purchase of bonds via open market operations (omos) to infuse liquidity seems to be serving the ...

aviva plc, the uk s second-biggest insurer by market value, said it might sell underperforming units while it took the rest ...

the world s top 29 banks may need a total $566 billion to meet tougher new capital rules, cutting returns by a fifth and ...

the reserve bank of india was considering selling dollars directly to oil importers to reduce exchange-rate volatility after the ...

soon, insurance companies in india will not be able to pass on a majority of their risk to reinsurers. the insurance regulatory ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursaday allowed banks to establish outlets for business correspondents (bc) in rural centres ...

the sharp decline of the rupee in the last one month may complicate things further for the central bank, in terms of lowering ...

edelweiss financial services said on wednesday its net profit for the fourth quarter ended march declined by 10.4 per cent to rs ...

to instill confidence among investors feeling jittery about the impact of the euro zone crisis on indian stock markets and the ...

the rupee slumped to an all-time low on wednesday amid weak macroeconomic fundamentals and global uncertainty. the reserve bank ...

the european central bank has stopped providing liquidity to some greek banks as they have not been successfully recapitalised, ...

the sharp fall in the rupee, tight liquidity conditions and uptick in inflation have added to the woes of companies that are ...

even a week after the reserve bank of india (rbi) asked exchange earners foreign currency (eefc) account holders to convert half ...

despite benchmark government bond issues having topped the rs 60,000-crore informal limit, the government has not yet issued a ...

yields on treasury bills (t-bills) have stayed under check despite concerns such as tight liquidity and heavy weekly supply. ...

in a bid to make insurance a significant part of the ongoing financial inclusion initiatives in rural areas, the insurance ...

commercial banks have drawn flak from the state government for inadequate lending to agriculture sector and recording low credit ...

as haryana is poised for a record rabi production in wheat this year, efforts should be made to ensure that the good inflow of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on tuesday swung into action to save the battered rupee after it crossed the 54-a-dollar mark in ...

banks in punjab have covered all the 1,576 unbanked villages by the end of 2011-12 financial year by opening 71 brick-and-mortar ...

the reserve bank of india s recent fight to defend the rupee has had muted success, with the currency hitting a record closing ...

the rupee was trading 10 paise up at 53.86 against the american currency in the mid-session after touching 54-level in the ...

future generali life, the private life insurer promoted by the kishore biyani-led future group, has undertaken extensive ...

deutsche bank ag investors shouldn t sign off on the supervisory board s actions for 2011 at the bank s annual general meeting ...

the rupee hit a new low today as it closed at 53.96 a dollar amidst a central bank intervention aimed at preventing it from ...

infrastructure development finance corporation (idfc) is looking to grow its loan book by over 20 per cent in the current ...

governor d subbarao went ahead to reverse the reserve bank of india s (rbi) policy stance in the april review, despite a ...

the volatility in the foreign exchange rate appears to be the biggest threat to india inc s growth prospects in the coming years, ...

the international finance corporation (ifc) plans to invest up to $75 million (around rs 398 crore) in dakshin, an nbfc, or its ...

global rating agency moody s on monday downgraded life insurance corporation of india s (lic) foreign currency ...

jpmorgan chase co said chief investment officer ina drew will retire after the firm suffered a $2-billion trading loss, ...

the rupee closed at a new provisional record closing low of 53.9750 to the dollar as global risk aversion spiked and as ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has asked life insurers to stop selling highest net asset value ...

after some relief, rates on short-term debt instruments have crossed 10 per cent levels within a month as liquidity pressures ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s biggest lender, eyes 50 per cent growth in home loans in 2012-13. the bank had ...

the total number of credit card- holders declined to 21% in 2011 in the country, though the number of premium card holders rose ...

with trade ties between india and pakistan beginning to normalise, state-run punjab national bank (pnb) plans to go tracing its ...

flourishing online purchase of gift items, especially jewellery and flowers, on auspicious occasions have prompted banks, along ...

jpmorgan chase co, the largest and most profitable us bank, had its credit grade lowered one level by fitch ratings, and ...

jpmorgan chase co s trading position that led to a $2-billion loss may call for increased federal reserve scrutiny of risk ...

more than 10 players, including several international investment bankers, have expressed interest in conducting the proposed ...

kerala-based hedge group launched its non-banking finance company (nbfc) hedge finance on friday. the new ...

funding costs for india s large non-banking financial institutions (nbfis) could rise as the reserve bank of india s ...

il fs financial services ltd (ifin) and life insurance corporation (lic) will set up an infrastructure debt fund with a ...

axis bank, the country s third largest private lender, said it will raise the minimum average quarterly balance by 20 times ...

india s economy was likely to witness a mild recovery during this financial year, despite several financial and external ...

the number of outstanding credit cards in the country declined for the fourth straight year in 2011-12 even as private sector and ...

fewer indians seem to be going the old-fashioned way of writing out a cheque, opting instead for the more convenient electronic ...

the government disbursed rs 4.76 lakh crore as agricultural credit during the last fiscal against the target of rs 4.75 lakh ...

canara bank on thursday reported a 7.7 per cent drop in net profit at rs 829 crore for the fourth quarter ended ...

taking the benefit of higher interest rates and a weakening rupee, non-resident indians (nris) sent $11 billion (nearly rs 60,000 ...

after a gap of six to eight months, public sector banks (psbs) have geared up to establish 60,000 more automated teller machines ...

steps taken by the reserve bank of india (rbi) to augment dollar inflows would ease the pressure on the rupee s exchange ...

a leading cooperative bank from maharashtra, tjsb (thane janata sahakari bank), has decided to expand in other states and plans ...

hoping to put an end to a four-year banking crisis, spain s government effectively took over bankia sa, one of the ...

the reserve bank of india on thursday cracked down on dollar hoarding by exporters to support the domestic currency, which fell ...

concerned over the volatility in rupee, chief economic advisor kaushik basu today made a case for rbi curbing speculative ...

the rupee continued its downward slide due to the euro zone crisis, closing at an all-time low of 53.83 a dollar today. though ...

manipal-based public sector lender, syndicate bank, is aiming at garnering a total business of rs 40,000 crore from andhra ...

speaking to reporters while announcing the annual financial results of the bank, he said, we may require an additional ...

sap ventures, an independent venture capital (vc) fund affiliated to global technology firm sap, is planning to invest 15-20 per ...

the infrastructure sector, considered the most attractive private equity investment destination, is going through a crisis in ...

punjab national bank (pnb) on wednesday reported a 18.6 per cent rise in net profit to rs 1,424 crore for the quarter ended march ...

the consumer confidence in the country improved marginally in april, a fourth straight month of upward trend. in urban areas, ...

despite higher provisioning, public sector lender union bank of india on wednesday reported a 29.3 per cent rise in net profit ...

the union finance ministry has told all government-owned banks to follow a standardised policy on personnel management at senior ...

public sector indian overseas bank (iob) has increased interest rates in foreign currency non-resident (banking) accounts by 175 ...

the government might have to settle for a high coupon rate, if a new 10-year security was issued in a week or two, according to ...

kolkata-headquartered icra techno analytics limited (icteas), a unit of rating agency icra limited, will buy california-based bpa ...

dena bank on tuesday reported a 62 per cent rise in net profit for the quarter ended march 31 at rs 255 crore, against rs 157 ...

kotak mahindra bank has posted a six per cent rise in consolidated net profit for fourth quarter ended march 2012 at rs 521 crore ...

after a successful nine-year stint, the man who took standard chartered to the pinnacle of merger and acquisition in india and ...

state-run lender central bank of india reported a net loss of rs 105 crore for the quarter ended march 31, on the account of ...

the rupee fell on tuesday against the dollar as foreign institutional investors pulled out from the equity market, prompting the ...

after establishing a presence in indonesia and sri lanka, icra, the rating agency and associate of moody s in india, plans ...

despite growth and inflation balance shifting favourably, the reserve bank of india (rbi) foresees inflationary pressures in the ...

indian overseas bank (iob) has posted an increase of 21.76 per cent in net profit at rs 528.81 crore for the quarter ended march ...

the reserve bank on monday allowed non-resident indians to transfer funds from a non-resident ordinary (nro) account to a ...

sks microfinance, the country s only listed microlender, has suffered a loss of rs 330 crore in the quarter ended march 31 due to ...

a 24 per cent rise in net interest income enabled housing development finance corporation (hdfc) ltd to report a 16 per cent rise ...

despite a fall in global commodity prices, headline inflation has been sticky due to supply bottlenecks and strong domestic ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday said it might infuse up to rs 12,000 crore this week via open market operations (omo), ...

dutch insurance major aegon could be the next sectoral player to exit the country, after new york life ended its joint venture ...

the proposal to exempt foreign banks on capital gains and permit them to carry forward unabsorbed losses would give a push for ...

sks microfinance limited, the only listed microfinance company in the country, has incurred a net loss of rs 329.5 crore for the ...

foreign institutional investors (fiis) infused money in both equities and debt, as the rupee was nearing 53 levels against the ...

international finance corporation (ifc) is to make an equity investment of around rs 150 crore in chennai-based microfinance ...

we are targeting a growth of 24 per cent in deposits this fiscal. during 2011-12, we mobilised rs 1,47,707 crore, showing ...

as part of its plans to integrate data from various banks through an automated data flow system, the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

yields on government bonds may edge up this week as markets await another round of fresh supply of government securities. ...

the government appears to have buckled under political pressure, as the finance ministry is set to take a diluted version of the ...

the reserve bank of india has decided to rope in a third-party consultancy firm to help it incorporate global best practices in ...

asian currencies fell this week by the most in more than a month, as worse-than-projected data from the us heightened concern the ...

indian banks, after having provided credit card services to 17.6 million people in tier-i and -ii cities, are expanding their ...

state owned lender bank of maharashtra (bom) has reported a net profit of rs 72.83 crore for the year ended march, compared with ...

the union textile ministry has appointed bank of baroda capital, the merchant banking subsidiary of bank of baroda (bob), to ...

uco bank recorded a 12 per cent rise in net profit at rs 253 crore for the quarter ended march 31, against rs 226 crore in the ...

higher slippages and provisioning led to an almost flattish net profit for kolkata-based united bank of india (ubi) in the fourth ...

state-run lender punjab sind bank on saturday posted a 13 per cent increase in net profit at rs 147.8 crore for the quarter ...

allahabad bank has reported a 55.36 per cent growth in net profit for the quarter ended march 31 at rs 400.22 crore, against rs ...

manipal-based public sector lender syndicate bank has reported a seven per cent rise in net profit at rs 309 crore for the ...

faced with the recent guidelines skewed in favour of nationalised banks, private gold loan companies (non-banking financial ...

royal bank of scotland group plc, britain s biggest publicly assisted lender, will pay back the last of its emergency aid ...

banks may have to disclose profits from carry trades derived from 1 trillion euros ($1.3 trillion) in european central bank loans ...

corporation bank on friday reported a marginal 1.7 per cent growth in net profit for the fourth quarter ended march 2012 at rs ...

lower tax provisions helped public sector lender bank of baroda to report a 17.3 per cent rise in net profit for the quarter ...

indian banks may need to raise up to $50 billion (rs 2.7 lakh crore) of additional equity under the basel-iii capital regulations ...

subscribers to the new pension system (nps) would have a choice of six insurance companies from which they can buy annuity ...

the steep slide in the rupee against the dollar persuaded the poster boys of india inc into selling dollars. a large construction ...

the reserve bank of india swung into action today after the rupee depreciated 1.7 per cent in four trading sessions and went ...

to attract inflows in view of falling rupee, the reserve bank today raised the interest rate ceiling on nri deposits in foreign ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on friday announced measures to augment foreign currency inflows, following a sharp fall in the ...

nine candidates are said to have been shortlisted to fill two posts of members at the securities and exchange board of india ...

field agents employed by business correspondents (bcs) for distribution of financial products in villages will now have a minimum ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) s guidelines on basel-iii capital regulations are unlikely to make domestic lenders scramble for ...

the rupee fell for the third consecutive day to touch a four-month low, as importers rushed to cover short-term exposures amid a ...

indian banks are within a comfortable range to meet basel iii requirements and will have ample time to comply with ...

sbi life on wednesday reported a 52 per cent rise in net profit to rs 556 crore for the financial year ended march 31, 2012, as ...

indian bank has revised interest rates on fcnr (b) term deposits with effect from may 1, 2012. for fcnr (b) deposits, in us ...

telecom software solutions provider subex has got the reserve bank of india (rbi) approval for restructuring of its outstanding ...

in a radical change, the recently-constituted health insurance forum is set to recommend that fees charged by hospitals from ...

when sumant kasliwal joined icici ventures in 2008, his dream was to help make small and mid-sized companies touch new heights. ...

international finance corporation (ifc) is planning to pick up an equity stake in renewgen environment protection kotte private ...

facing huge redemption pressure on funds raised via foreign currency convertible bonds (fccbs), india inc has requested the ...

bank deposits and advances fell through april, after rising sharply towards the end of the previous financial year. the growth in ...

hdfc life plans to raise funds through an initial public offering (ipo) of 10 per cent of the capital base. the private-sector ...

after a gap of four months, the rupee fell below 53 to the dollar in early trade on wednesday, triggering hope of possible ...

indian banks have to maintain tier i capital, or core capital, of at least 7% of their risk weighted assets on an ongoing basis, ...

the rupee dipped below 53 to the dollar to touch a near 4-month low on wednesday, but suspected rbi intervention helped it recoup ...

at a time when dwindling demand for bank credit has capped the growth in interest income from advances, earnings from fees and ...

tamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaa has asked the banks in the state to work with the government for implementing the ...

the tamil nadu government has objected to the reserve of bank of india (rbi) s decision to increase the interest rate for the ...

gruh finance ltd has registered net profit of rs 120.34 crore for the year ended march 31, 2012 against rs 91.51 crore for the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is looking at shadow banking activities closely and will tighten regulations if ...

the country s largest portfolio investor, life insurance corporation of india (lic), has been put under review, leading to ...

aviva plc, uk s second-largest insurer by market value, said chief executive officer andrew moss would not accept his 2012 ...

the rupee fell to near a one-week low on monday hit by heavy demand for dollars from oil importers and tracking a euro that was ...

state-owned lender canara bank has cut base rate and bplr by 0.25 percentage points each to 10.50% and 14.75% respectively, which ...

canara bank has become the latest to slash interest rates on loans, reducing its base rate by 25 basis points to 10.5%. the new ...

after warning public sector banks that urban branches not generating profits for a year may be ordered to be closed, the ...

the remaining three years will see the bank witnessing accelerated growth with the objectives to achieve a balance sheet ...

swaws credit corporation has become the second microfinance institution whose loan recast proposal has been admitted in the ...

pune, apr 28 (pti) the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) extended record support of rs 6,023.18 crore ...

annual shareholder meetings were stormy at credit suisse and barclays on friday, with many attendees complaining bosses are ...

hsbc securities has set an year-end sensex target of 19,300, citing slowing momentum of earnings cuts, easing monetary policy and ...

the cabinet-approved banking amendments bill proposing a rise in public sector bank shareholders voting rights may see ...

reserve bank of india said banks must allow its customers to transfer accounts from one branch to another branch of the same bank ...

india s foreign exchange reserves increased $1.4 billion to $294 billion in the week ended april 20. the reserves have ...

icici bank, the largest private sector lender in the country, on friday said its standalone net profit for the quarter ended ...

private sector lender axis bank on friday reported a 25 per cent rise in net profit for the quarter ended march on the back of ...

axis bank, the third largest private sector lender in the country, on friday said it would sell 25 per cent stake in its asset ...

the reserve bank of india today asked banks to allow intra-bank account portability in cases where full kyc (know your customer) ...

in a push to financial sector reforms, the cabinet on thursday cleared the much awaited banking law (amendment) bill. it approved ...

in what it claims to be a first-of-its-kind from the indian banking industry, the state bank of hyderabad (sbh) is thinking about ...

public sector lender, state bank of hyderabad (sbh), on thursday said that there could be some pressure on its net interest ...

rabobank, the largest retail bank in the netherlands, today sold a majority of its stake in private lender yes bank for about rs ...

export and import bank of india (exim bank) plans to raise over $3 billion in the current financial year to fund its lending ...

the appetite for indian assets is growing among investors from the land of the samurai. an appreciating yen, combined with slow ...

against the backdrop of standard poor s downgrading india s outlook to negative, reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

the finance ministry has asked state-owned banks to improve their retail lending. these banks, which generally lag their private ...

sundaram bnp home finance, the home finance subsidiary of sundaram finance limited, is planning to raise around rs 2,700 crore ...

the cabinet approved raising voting rights of stakeholders in private banks to 26% from 10%, information and broadcasting ...

in order to facilitate enhanced lending, reserve bank today allowed urban co-operative banks (ucbs) to provide housing loans up ...

led by a robust growth in non-interest income, private sector lender yes bank on wednesday reported a 33.6 per cent jump in net ...

enthused after receiving banking licence from the reserve bank of india (rbi) last week after more than a century of operations, ...

standard poor s on wednesday revised the outlook on long-term counterparty credit ratings for 11 indian financial ...

dollar sales by foreign banks ahead of a us federal panel meeting scheduled on wednesday supported the rupee. the gains, though, ...

lic housing finance ltd (lichfl) on wednesday said it had posted a 19 per cent dip in net profit for the fourth quarter ended ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic), the largest institutional investor in the country, is not in a hurry to bring down its ...

global banking major citigroup has stuck the biggest property deal in recent years in the country by paying a hefty rs 985 crore ...

india s top 10 banks, including the sbi, icici bank and hdfc bank today suffered a collateral damage following the standard and ...

kerala-based federal bank today cut its base rate or the minimum lending rate by 0.20% to 10.45% following last week s rbi ...

public sector lender idbi bank plans to double its branch network to 2,000 offices (branches) in the next six years, gathering ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is considering advancing the day bond auctions are conducted, to reduce volatility in the market ...

life insurance corporation s (lic s) purchase of oil and natural gas corporation (ongc) shares during the ...

axis bank s proposed acquisition of enam securities businesses has received the final approval from the reserve bank ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has issued the details on its announcement of last thursday allowing airline companies to tap ...

a top official of the reserve bank of india (rbi) said banks are in a better position as compared with other entities to lead the ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, will reduce interest rate on loans given to small and medium ...

a day after country s largest lender sbi trimmed its fixed deposit rates, two more lenders -- union bank of india and corporation ...

maharashtra state cooperative bank (mscb), which received a banking license last week after 100 years of its operations, plans to ...

hdfc bank on monday said it had partnered wells fargo for remittance services between america and india. this would allow indians ...

hdfc bank, the second largest private sector lender in the country, is set to open one-man branches in rural centres. the move ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor anand sinha on monday indicated the central bank was not in favour of allowing ...

within a month of raising its retail deposit rates, state bank of india (sbi) has largely rolled those back. it has cut those ...

the national financial watchdog has lost a key test of its powers to punish bankers for alleged supervision failures when a fine ...

fears of a europe-wide recession undermining political will to tackle the region s debt crisis gripped financial markets on ...

all financial institutions could now hedge their underlying credit risk in corporate bonds using credit default swaps, the ...

the repo rate cut has signalled a change in the rate cycle and the effect of the reserve bank of india s action will ease ...

the radical reforms proposed by the british government s independent commission on banking may bring the curtains down on ...

led by state bank of india (sbi), five more banks today cut interest rates on loans and deposits up to 1%, following reduction in ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said aggregate shareholding of foreign institutional investors (fiis), nris and persons of ...

rbi deputy governor anand sinha today indicated the central bank was not in favour of allowing micro-finance institution (mfis) ...

the bank had registered a net profit of rs 163.83 crore in the same quarter in the previous fiscal, sbm said in a bombay stock ...

companies are thronging to the debt market to raise short-term funds as the market is offering attractive interest rate ...

us treasury secretary timothy f geithner said the global economic recovery is fragile and europe s effort to prevent the ...

idbi bank s net profit rose 49 per cent at rs 771 crore for the fourth quarter ended march 2012, on better growth in ...

the state bank of india, aims to up 20-22 per cent in credit and 25 per cent in deposit growth in the current financial year, way ...

the reserve bank has made it mandatory for all banks to print the micr and ifse code on the passbook and statement of account of ...

ubs has downgraded indian shares to neutral from overweight , as the foreign brokerage no longer sees ...

south korea-based woori bank, a part of the woori financial group, has launched its first branch in india, at chennai, to provide ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc), the largest mortgage lender in the country with nearly a third of the market ...

in the wake of the reserve bank of india s (rbi) rate reversal signal, the ongoing and impending reductions in banks ...

there is some relief for borrowers, as large banks have started reducing their lending rates across the board after a gap of ...

european union lawmakers are considering rules to protect bank depositors that may stymie two of the main funding sources for the ...

hongkong and shanghai banking corporation (hsbc), the second-largest foreign bank in the country in terms of branch network, has ...

the maharashtra state cooperative bank (mscb), which has been under the administrator s rule since may last year, finally ...

with economic slowdown and stress on corporate balance sheets looming, bankers expect the pace of reference to corporate debt ...

blackrock, the giant money manager, said it would have no choice but to shift some of its business away from certain wall street ...

government securities (g-sec) declined on fresh selling pressure from banks and corporates, and call rates also remained weak on ...

indusind bank on thursday said its net profit for the quarter ended march 31 expanded 30 per cent to rs 223 crore, from rs 172 ...

itnl offshore, an arm of il fs, has raised $100 million by selling dim sum bonds, which are denominated in yuan and issued in ...

hdfc bank, the second-largest private sector lender in the country, will not offer a higher rate on bulk deposits than it pays ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has come down heavily on banks that went for aggressive expansion of the top line around ...

fresh concerns over the euro zone and a high dollar demand from domestic oil companies dragged the rupee to 14-week lows on ...

total new business premium of life insurance companies in the country declined by 9.2% to rs 1,14,232.73 crore in 2011-12 fiscal, ...

country s second largest public sector bank pnb today announced cut in lending rate by 0.25%, a move that will make housing and ...

private insurer bharti axa general insurance said on wednesday it plans to double its business in the southern region by the end ...

the federal reserve bank of new york is seeking bids for $7.49 billion of collateralized debt obligations linked to commercial ...

south korea-based woori bank, a part of woori financial group, has launched its first branch in india at chennai, which would be ...

firstrand bank, the second largest bank in south africa in terms of market capitalisation, on wednesday said it has commenced ...

reversing the interest rate cycle after three years to boost investment and growth, the reserve bank of india (rbi) now wants the ...

the sharp year-end increase in deposits and advances of scheduled commercial banks reversed to some extent in the first week of ...

european banks could be forced to shed $3.8 trillion in assets through 2013 and curb lending if governments fall short of their ...

citigroup inc shareholders have rejected its executive pay plan, a first among the six largest us banks, amid criticism it lets ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has asked life insurers to have a standard format in application forms ...

the union finance ministry on wednesday began implementing the budget proposals on external commercial borrowing (ecb) for ...

first year premium underwritten by life insurance companies during the year ending march, 2012, declined 5.7 per cent in the case ...

hdfc bank, the second-largest private sector lender in the country, on wednesday said its net profit for the quarter ended march ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today issued a notification to reduce the bank rate or the interest the banks and financial ...

private insurer bharti axa general insurance today said it plans to double its business in the southern region by the end of the ...

indian banks deposits grew 3.2% in the two weeks to april 6, while advances grew at a slower 1.8%, data from the reserve bank of ...

state bank of india will cut lending rates by 25-50 basis points for certain products in two to three weeks. the major ...

reserve bank of india governor duvvuri subbarao on tuesday surprised the market with a sharp 50-basis point (bp) reduction in the ...

the international monetary fund (imf) raised its global growth forecast for the first time in more than a year, with the us ...

bankers indicated meeting the deposit mobilisation target would be difficult, as consumers were preferring competing savings ...

the government is set to complement the reserve bank of india s bold step to cut the repo rate to revive growth. minutes ...

liquidity condition is quite comfortable as of now and the central bank is open to conduct more open market operations (omos) or ...

the reserve bank governor d subbarao today said the central bank decided to cut rates by 0.50 percentage points, which took ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it will come out with the final guidelines on implementation of new global risk ...

the reserve bank of india s decision to cut repo rate by 50 basis points in its annual monetary policy for 2012-13 has been ...

providing relief to home loan borrowers, the reserve bank today asked banks not to levy any penalty on pre-payment of loans taken ...

concerned over spurt in gold imports, rbi today asked banks to reduce exposure to nbfcs giving loan against the precious metal ...

the reserve bank of india has implemented the first cut in key policy rates in three years, reducing the repo rate by as much as ...

stating that a stage for cheaper lending has been set with the rbi cutting short-term lending rate, india inc today welcomed the ...

the reserve bank of india today surprised the market with a more-than-expected cut in the key policy rate, or the repo rate, by ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) cut interest rates today for the first time in three years by an unexpectedly sharp 50 basis ...

saying there existed limited room for the monetary policy to manage external sector risks, the reserve bank of india (rbi) on ...

the suspense over tomorrow s monetary policy stance deepened today, with the reserve bank of india (rbi) raising concerns ...

two years after president barack obama vowed to eliminate the danger of financial institutions becoming too big to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may cut interest rate by about 0.25 percentage points and release more liquidity in its annual ...

deteriorating asset quality and depleting capital adequacy have made banks opt for safer investment avenues, such as government ...

european officials travel to washington this week seeking a bigger global war chest to combat the debt crisis as spain s ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday said it expected inflation to stay around current levels in this financial year, ...

the board declared an interim dividend of rs 3 per share (of face value rs 1 each). it also announced a one-time special dividend ...

ing has set a deadline of the third week of may to submit bids for its asian life insurance business, sources said on monday, as ...

as hong kong establishes itself as a hub for offshore trade and investment in china s currency, the city s family-owned banks can ...

the growth in the indian economy may have bottomed out in the october-december quarter, going by an improved show subsequently, ...

the reserve bank today hinted at lowering interest rates saying that focus of monetary policy needs to be shifted to arrest ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has approved brickwork ratings as an eligible credit rating agency (cra) for bank ...

australia s leading bank westpac today said, it will open its first branch in india to increase commercial and wholesale banking ...

hongkong and shanghai banking corporation (hsbc) is not likely to buy the retail and commercial banking businesses of royal bank ...

the yield on government securities are expected to stay range-bound ahead of the reserve bank of india s (rbi) annual ...

china s decision to widen the yuan s trading band against the dollar for the first time since 2007 signals a drive toward a ...

despite various transactional restrictions still in place, there are fears of volatility returning to the rupee-dollar exchange ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has strongly come out in support of a government-backed health ...

the government is expecting a net inflow of rs 1,100 crore in the current fiscal from small savings schemes like ppf and mis ...

the reserve bank has suggested setting up a rehabilitation fund for reviving sick micro, small and medium enterprises (msmes) in ...

ahead of rbi s annual credit policy announcement, state-owned oriental bank of commerce (obc) has slashed fixed deposit rates by ...

the microfinance bill in its present form may hurt the growth of the self-help group (shg) programme being run across states to ...

ahead of the monetary policy for 2012-13 on tuesday, reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao on saturday met prime ...

idbi bank is setting up its second infrastructure debt fund (idf) with authorised capital of rs 1,000 crore through the ...

ahead of the reserve bank of india s monetary policy next tuesday, naina lal kidwai, country head in india and director for asia ...

private sector lender development credit bank (dcb) on friday said its net profit for the quarter ended march 31, expanded 51.8 ...

the pace of corporate fund raising through bonds slowed down in fourth quarter ended march 2012 to rs 54,000 crore from rs 71,000 ...

the usual year-end scramble for deposits by banks turned into a mad rush this year, with rs 2 lakh crore flowing into the banking ...

the european central bank will restart its controversial government bond purchases rather than offer banks another round of ...

development credit bank (dcb) today reported 52% rise in net profit at rs 17.3 crore in the fourth quarter ended march 31 as ...

the rupee today rose by 28 paise to 51.30 31 against the american currency on fresh dollar selling by exporters and renewed ...

the government today said it will infuse about rs 15,500 crore in the public sector banks during the current fiscal to enhance ...

the reserve bank will soon issue rs 20 and 50 notes with the rupee symbol. the reserve bank of india will shortly issue of ...

in the largest foreign investment in life insurance after the reliance-nippon deal last year, japan s mitsui sumitomo (a ...

lawmakers in the european parliament may seek a ban on banker bonuses that exceed fixed pay, as part of a draft law on basel ...

the irda on thursday said no timeframe had been set for life insurance corp of india to reduce its holding in companies in which ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has strongly come out in support of an upcoming government-backed ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, plans to buy loans from banks in the us and europe to boost its credit ...

idbi bank plans to raise between $750 million and $1 billion through sale of foreign-currency-denominated bonds and loans in the ...

icici prudential life insurance company is hiring close to 300 people every month. the life insurance arm of the country s ...

there is an expectation among many that the reserve bank of india (rbi) would cut the repo rate (at which it lends to banks) by ...

infrastructure development finance company (idfc) today said that it has alloted 3.58 lakh infrastructure bonds worth rs 179.16 ...

corporate and retail borrowers will not see a significant reduction in lending rates in the current financial year owing to ...

public sector lender idbi bank may raise its overseas fund raising plan to $2.5 billion in january from existing $1.5 billion, a ...

the reserve bank of india is expected to cut interest rates for the first time in three years on tuesday, but investors will be ...

policy makers in developing asia can refrain from further monetary and fiscal stimulus because growth will remain robust, while ...

as financial institutions recover from the losses on loans made to troubled borrowers, some of the largest lenders to the less ...

city-based ap mahesh cooperative urban bank limited (mahesh bank) is looking at further expanding its footprint in maharashtra ...

lehman brothers holdings inc, which is preparing its first payment to creditors after more than three years in bankruptcy, said ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi), which has reduced the cash reserve ratio (crr) by 125 basis points since january, has flared up ...

after the global financial turmoil, the indian economy recovered to grow at 8.4 per cent in 2010-11. but in the same year, ...

slow growth in disbursement of loans to the priority sector has been a drag on the overall credit expansion of banks in the just ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on wednesday met various bankers to discuss the debt recast of lavasa corporation, which has now ...

to ensure its financial inclusion drive is not restricted to meeting branch opening targets, the union finance ministry is to ask ...

public sector lender india overseas bank (iob) today said it is aiming a credit growth rate of 16-18% and a deposit growth rate ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned rs 6,318.27 crore for various projects in tamil ...

reliance capital trustee company, a subsidiary of anil ambani group s reliance capital, on tuesday purchased 810,000 shares of ...

international finance corporation (ifc), a member of the world bank group, will invest $26.5 million in a supply chain company ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) on tuesday said the financial support extended by it in tamil ...

state-owned oriental bank of commerce (obc) on tuesday slashed base rate or minimum lending rate by a marginal 0.1 per cent while ...

federal reserve chairman ben s bernanke called on regulators to stem risks from shadow banking operating beyond ...

microfinance institutions network (mfin) today sought reserve bank of india s (rbi) intervention to enable micro lenders to ...

india factoring finance solutions pvt ltd, a joint venture of the state-owned punjab national bank (pnb), along with ...

mid-cap information technology (it) services company 3i infotech, formerly promoted by icici bank, is in talks to divest a ...

yields on the 10-year benchmark government security eased 11 basis points in the past week, as markets factored in expecations on ...

worsening external sector conditions have become a major reason for worry at the central bank, which is concerned about funding ...

state-owned oriental bank of commerce (obc) today slashed base rate or minimum lending rate by a marginal 10 basis points (bps) ...

in a pre-policy consultation meeting with the reserve bank of india (rbi) today, several economists have opined that there should ...

the reserve bank of india is likely to cut its repo rate for the first time in three years in an attempt to lift sagging economic ...

independent financial advisors have come together to form a pan india body called foundation of independent financial advisors ...

to absorb excess liquidity, the reserve bank has pegged the quantum of intervention through market stabilisation scheme (mss) at ...

breaking the trend of a dollar selling spree since september 2011, the reserve bank of india bought dollars worth $1.11 billion ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has cancelled the licence of gujarat-based shri bhadran mercantile cooperative bank, following ...

the government may ask public sector banks and insurance companies to relocate or close loss-making branches as part of ...

to popularise electronic transfer of funds, the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday allowed regional rural banks (rrbs) and ...

indian companies filed for external commercial borrowings (ecbs) worth $2.6 billion (rs 13,300 crore) in february for funding ...

more pain of job loss awaits employees of dhanlaxmi bank. as the kerala-based private bank moves ahead with business ...

banks are expected to report higher cost of funds for the fourth quarter of 2011-12, on account of tight liquidity conditions and ...

the union finance ministry has proposed that banks give their balance sheet to their respective audit committees at least two ...

corporation bank plans to expand its presence across the country rapidly, according to its cmd ajai kumar. to expand branch ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has said it does not regulate or supervise the affairs of sahara credit co-operative society. the ...

concerned over rising npa, the government may ask state-owned banks to shut down branches and cut down on staff strength in ...

to popularise electronic transfer of funds, the reserve bank today allowed regional rural banks (rrbs) and cooperative banks to ...

private lender dhanlaxmi bank said in a press conference today that it has no plans to shut its branches or shrink operations to ...

for the first time in six years, fresh bank deposits have fallen over its previous year. a hindu business line story says that ...

the government needs to consider closing down loss-making branches of state-run banks and insurance companies, said dk mittal, ...

policy makers need to be cautious about the indirect effects of the euro zone s sovereign debt crisis on india, though the ...

public sector general insurance company new india assurance has achieved rs 10,000 crore premium collection mark for fy12 on the ...

the slowdown in economic growth might hamper banks asset quality but the government was committed to infusing capital in ...

asian currencies declined this week, led by the thai baht and rupee, as rising borrowing costs in spain renewed concern over ...

country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) is targeting 20 per cent year-on-year growth in its business ...

credit agricole sa, france s third- biggest lender, and hedge fund magnetar capital llc were sued by an investor in a ...

hinduja bank, a switzerland-based financial services arm of hinduja group, is diversifying reach of its trade finance business to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor subir gokarn on friday said states with weaker finances are able to raise cheaper ...

once bitten, but hardly twice shy. after having burnt their fingers in the microfinance sector, you might expect investors there ...

financial inclusion network and operations (fino), a mumbai-based financial inclusion facilitator, is planning to tap the ...

ahead of its annual monetary policy, the reserve bank said on thursday cutting policy rate to promote investment depends upon ...

country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) is aiming to post a credit growth of 19-20 per cent in the current financial ...

equity international (ei), the us investment firm, is exploring investment prospects in housing finance companies and non-banking ...

banks have started raising the interest rates on foreign currency non-resident (banks) deposits (fcnr-b) after the reserve bank ...

the collection of premium on heavy commercial vehicles by various non-life companies in the state are down by about 15 per cent ...

the finance ministry has barred government-controlled banks from investing in joint ventures and non-core activities on the ...

federal reserve policymakers have backed away from the need for another round of monetary stimulus as the us economy gradually ...

growth in bank advances, which remained muted most of the year, picked up in february and march. banks added rs 2.6 lakh crore, ...

private equity (pe) investments in the march quarter slumped by around 47 per cent to $1,886 million, from $3,614 million in the ...

the government on wednesday asked insurance regulator irda to take steps to contain the tendency of suicidal ...

the request was put forth at the customary pre-policy meeting on wednesday between top banks, including state bank of india and ...

icici bank has filed a caveat with the company law board (clb) and civil courts in some states, requesting for a hearing in case ...

the season of downgrades for banks just got extended. rating agency icra on wednesday cut the rating for kolkata-based uco ...

bankers today said they expect a cut in the cash reserve ratio (crr) in the reserve bank of india s (rbi) credit policy review ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today tightened the reporting requirements under which banks will have to submit a monthly ...

indian corporate balance sheets will continue to be in the red in 2012-13. rating defaults and downgrades will stay elevated due ...

icra has downgraded oriental bank of commerce s bonds due to worsening asset quality and sustained pressure on ...

rural electrification corporation ltd (rec) has signed a loan agreement worth euro 100 million (around rs 700 crore) with the ...

india inc on tuesday asked the reserve bank of india (rbi) to cut policy rates at its policy meeting for 2012-13, to propel ...

the yields on the 10-year benchmark government bond touched a four-month high of 8.78 per cent on tuesday as the reserve bank of ...

indian ship breaking companies have lost almost rs 800-1000 crore during financial year 2011-12 due to rupee depreciation against ...

nabard s financial assistance for supporting agriculture, rural development and rural infrastructure development in gujarat ...

potential downgrades of banks including morgan stanley and ubs ag, which could have their credit ratings cut by moody s ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has recorded a 40 per cent growth in agriculture credit and ...

nabard has sanctioned rs 144.49 crore to the punjab government under rural infrastructure development fund (ridf-xvii) for two ...

the corporation, a member of the world bank group, said this investment will be in the form of a 15-year subordinated bond. it is ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard), on tuesday, announced plans to waive off loans to weavers in ...

visakhapatnam cooperative bank (vcb) has achieved a 25 per cent growth in total business during the fiscal ending march 2012. the ...

credit by banks grew by 23.5% in the quarter to september 2011, up from 19.3% over the same period a year ago, indicating greater ...

hong kong and shanghai banking corporation (hsbc) on monday appointed stuart milne as chief executive officer for its india ...

four out of the five microfinance institutions, which opted for loan recast, have failed to convince banks to admit their ...

malaysian lender cimb is set to buy a part of royal bank of scotland s (rbs) wholesale banking businesses in the ...

with economic slowdown pushing up the tally of bad loans, union bank of india will focus on improving the management of ...

it is a tough year ahead for private sector companies that wish to raise debt in 2012-13, as there are concerns that large ...

india inc, till recently sitting on a cash pile, is drawing this down. high interest rates have made companies turn away from ...

private sector lender jammu kashmir bank has surpassed the business target of rs 85,000 crore for fy12 and aims to reach ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has eased its overseas direct investment norms by waiving the need for indian entities to seek ...

both public and private sector banks across the country closed today for the public dealing on account of annual book ...

on friday, the four-day call money rate closed at a three-year high of 15 per cent on lack of fund supply in the debt market. ...

cash is the prime target, and credit card could take the next hit. clearly, telecom operators are on a war footing ...

manappuram finance, the leading gold loan firm, has decided to recall a part of loan from its borrowers in order to meet the ...

banks led by state bank of india (sbi) approved a rs 2,850-crore corporate debt restructuring (cdr) package for bharati shipyard ...

the state-owned life insurance corporation (lic) has pumped in rs 2,137 crore in four public sector banks through the preference ...

world bank group president, robert b zoellick, on friday made a special visit to the development institution s chennai ...

the ride hasn t been smooth for m v nair. when he retires from union bank of india tomorrow after a six-year stint, many ...

the implementation of the goods and services tax (gst) will help reduce government finances and thus boost growth, the reserve ...

a day after the reserve bank of india (rbi) barred muthoot fincorp s partnership firm from accepting public deposits, the ...

the reserve bank of india s decision to conduct open market operations (omo) on the last day of the financial year helped ...

the reserve bank of india has proposed dynamic provisioning for banks at higher provisioning during economic upturn that ...

the year-end rush for funds ahead of a holiday-shortened week pushed interest rates in the call money market to 15 per cent on ...

with export growth lagging import growth, the trade deficit for october-december 2011 widened to $47.7 billion from $31.4 bn in ...

the reserve bank cut cash reserve ratio (crr) twice since april, 2010 in its monetary policies to contain inflation and help ...

the rupee edged up on friday as exporters cashed in dollars on the last trading session of the fiscal year, but the currency was ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today barred muthoot estate investments, a partnership firm of kerala-based muthoot fincorp, from ...

larry walther, member of the board of directors of the bank, told business standard, exim bank sees india as one of the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has decided to infuse rs 10,000 crore via open market operations (omos) on friday to ease the ...

us-based private equity player, valiant partners, is planning to pick up a 22.75 per cent stake in shriram housing finance ...

india s current account deficit (cad) may worsen for the third quarter of 2011-12, though respite is expected from inward ...

the state bank of india s decision to increase deposit rates by 25-100 basis points earlier this week has stumped its ...

german lender deutsche bank expects the reserve bank of india (rbi) to cut rates by 50 basis points (bps) till june as it will ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today directed muthoot fincorp arm -- muthoot estate investments -- not to accept any deposits ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today announced it will purchase government securities worth rs 10,000 crore tomorrow through ...

the reserve bank today asked banks to improve their ability to manage stressed assets, but said there was nothing alarming about ...

bharti airtel subscribers would soon be able to withdraw cash by using their mobile phone, without going to bank branches or any ...

european governments are preparing for a one-year increase in the ceiling on rescue aid to 940 billion euros ($1.3 trillion) to ...

the reserve bank of india has cancelled the licence of the bhusawal people s co-operative bank ltd the jalgaon-based ...

european leaders signalled rising confidence that their region s crisis was near an end, while federal reserve chairman ben ...

the british bankers association said a panel of lenders will review the london interbank offered rate, including some firms ...

public sector banks will have to step up investments in technologies, such as data warehousing and business intelligence over ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on wednesday announced a slew of revisions aimed at liberalising the norms for direct investment ...

interest rates on retail term deposits may stay at current levels, or even inch up, in april as bankers are unlikely to revise ...

yields on the 10-year benchmark government bond shot to four-month high of 8.63 per cent on wednesday on announcement of the ...

the lloyd s of london insurance market swung to its second-biggest loss last year after absorbing record claims from natural ...

the chief executive officer of the bank of america, brian moynihan, made $8.1 million in total compensation last year, up from ...

state-owned punjab national bank (pnb) has raised rs 1,589.90 crore by issuing shares to life insurance corporation (lic) on ...

public sector indian overseas bank today said it plans to increase the number of branches to 2,630 across the country by this ...

bangladesh on tuesday asked india to facilitate opening of corporate offices by bangladeshi companies in the country. bangladesh ...

deutsche bank ag, adding assets as other lenders trim their balance sheets, leapfrogged france s bnp paribas sa to reclaim the ...

india inc might have to shell out more while renewing insurance policies, as global reinsurance rates are seen hardening by 20-25 ...

talks to sell a stake in britain s state-owned royal bank of scotland (rbs) are being held at the level of the abu dhabi ruling ...

the government on tuesday said it was pinning hopes on an increase in interest rates on small savings schemes from next month and ...

launching its operations here on tuesday, anil kothuri, head (retail finance), edelweiss capital, and chief executive of ...

the government will borrow rs 3.7 lakh crore from the market in the first half of 2012-13 through the sale of dated securities. ...

public sector banks executives said banks had taken a hit due to the steep fall in the value of the shares. banks had made ...

the asian development bank (adb) and the bangalore metro rail corporation limited (bmrcl) on tuesday signed a facility agreement ...

setting aside the widespread speculation that a foreign player would buy out fidelity s india business, l t finance, a ...

public sector lender central bank of india (cbi) is hopeful of maintaining its net interest margin (nim) at the current level of ...

the country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today raised fixed deposit rates on select maturities by up to 1%, amid ...

in a move that would help a large number of home loan customers to reduce their interest burden, the country s largest lender ...

public sector banks posted 3.06% dip in net profit at rs 31,688 crore in the december quarter of this fiscal due to higher ...

rbi has asked banks to avoid offering sharply different rates on deposits with similar maturities, saying that something is wrong ...

state-owned idbi bank on monday said the government has decided to infuse rs 810 crore in the bank by way of preferential ...

shriram transport finance company (stfc) today said its managing director r sridhar will be stepping down to take over as md and ...

tata capital on monday said it would set up a private investment banking business in singapore in two years. licencing ...

icici bank, india s largest private sector bank, asked ailing kingfisher airlines for more security on its rs 600-crore ...

non-banking finance companies (nbfc) will now have to send adequate prior notice to their gold loan borrowers, if ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) on monday exempted the government of india from making an open offer to ...

the restrictions imposed on gold loan operations of non-banking finance companies (nbfc) have raised the hackles of these firms ...

the rupee came under further pressure on monday to hit a two-month low on a spurt in month-end demand from importers ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday said it is not logical for banks to charge similar interchange fee on debit cards as ...

liquidity deficit in the banking system was close to rs 2 lakh crore on monday an all-time high with banks ...

the government today raised interest rates on post office-operated small savings like monthly income scheme (mis) and public ...

state-owned idbi bank today said the government has decided to infuse rs 810 crore in the bank by way of preferential allotment ...

state-owned bank of maharashtra (bom) today said its shareholders have approved raising capital up to rs 995.10 crore through a ...

faced with huge redemption pressure in the shorter end, the government may go for more longer-tenure bonds to raise funds from ...

near double credit-deposit (cd) ratio, as compared to the reserve bank of india s norm of 60 per cent, and the high ...

yields on the 10-year benchmark government bond are expected to trade range-bound, ahead of the release of the government ...

bangalore-based cancer care network healthcare global enterprise ltd (hcg) is planning to expand its network from the present 26 ...

l t general insurance is bullish on growth prospects next financial year, with business coming mainly from motor and health ...

a circular on revised interest rate on small savings scheme will be issued by march 28, official sources said, adding that there ...

icici bank has been ordered by a consumer forum here to pay over rs 2.14 lakh to one of its account holders for causing him ...

children are undoubtedly the top priority for parents. every parent, irrespective of his or her financial status, would want only ...

us president barack obama on friday nominated jim yong kim, a korean-american and president of dartmouth college, to become head ...

jpmorgan chase co is being sued by a trader who says he accepted a contract from the investment bank because a ...

taking all precautions not to fail in its rs 30,000-crore disinvestment target for the next financial year, the cabinet today ...

the airports authority of india (aai) has asked the finance ministry to be allowed to float rs 3,000 crore of tax-free ...

the busy tax saving season failed to bring cheer to the life insurance market as policy issuance continued to head south, pushing ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is expected to finalise a quarterly housing startup index (hsui) by the end of this year, to ...

morgan stanley is interested in buying all of citigroup inc s stake in their wealth management joint venture this year, ...

come april 1 and cheques and bank drafts will be valid only for 3 months, a development that rbi thinks will help mitigate frauds ...

public sector lender idbi bank today said it had collected rs 1 lakh crore of central tax through its network in the current ...

high dollar demand from indian companies to redeem their foreign debt obligations, coupled with month-end requirements of oil ...

promoters of leading gold loan company muthoot finance may dilute their stake by up to 10 per cent to raise funds in the next ...

public sector union bank of india (ubi) on thursday announced a decline in its interest rate on loans for home and small and ...

amissive from the securities and exchange commission (sec) of the united states directing all investment managers managing $120 ...

finally, there is a ray of hope for small micro-lenders in andhra pradesh. a year ago finance minister pranab mukherjee had ...

the reserve bank of india s tomes on interest-rate policy made subir gokarn despair when he was a standard ...

infosys, india s second largest it services provider on thursday said ing belgium, one of the leading banks in belgium, has ...

looking for a loan against gold jewellery banks may be a better option, when compared to non-banking finance companies (nbfcs). ...

the appointment of a third executive director (ed) in public sector banks, scheduled on april 1, has been delayed due to ...

the general insurance industry, facing a rs 10,000-crore hit in its bottom line due to third-party motor pool losses, has been ...

the reserve bank of india s recent guidelines for the gold loan sector will significantly moderate the growth and profitability ...

banks are on the brink of exhausting the held-to-maturity (htm) cap, which protects them from mark-to-market losses, and may ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) recent guidelines for the gold loan sector will significantly moderate the growth and ...

almost one in every three borrowers did not repay loans to microfinance companies since the industry plunged into a crisis in ...

the growth in bank deposits slowed to a four-month low of 13.7 per cent, while advances soared 16.3 per cent in the fortnight ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on wednesday released guidelines on the gold loan business of non-banking financial companies ...

housing finance companies (hfcs) may be able to access external commercial borrowings (ecbs), a route allowed in the budget, ...

power finance corporation (pfc) plans to raise about rs 40,000 crore in the next financial year. it aims to raise about rs 3,000 ...

liquidity may come under pressure as the amount in weekly auctions of government securities goes up with the increase in the ...

lic housing finance on wednesday said it has raised rs 810 crore by issuing preference shares to its promoter, lic. three crore ...

reserve bank of india has said there was a need to strengthen the database non-performing assets (npa) through more effective ...

the country s largest private sector lender icici bank on wednesday launched a credit card targeted at the super affluent. the ...

ask any distributor of financial products and he would affirm that selling life insurance is among the most challenging tasks. ...

the penetration of general insurance, measured as a percentage of premiums to gross domestic product (gdp), has been low at 0.7 ...

the gloves are off. at a time when the life insurance industry is faced with an unprecedented slide in premium collection, its ...

state-owned punjab national bank (pnb) today said its shareholders have approved raising capital up to rs 2,875 crore by ...

with a view to facilitating accounting of all government transactions of the current financial year (2011-12). all regional ...

the reserve bank has deferred the deadline on implementation of asset classification and provisioning norms for non-banking ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) on tuesday said despite the high global crude oil prices, budget proposals and moderating economic ...

international finance corporation (ifc) will invest about $20 million in nereus india alternative energy fund, a $250-million ...

lending a helping hand to the government in recapitalising public sector banks may have brought life insurance corporation (lic) ...

state bank of india (sbi), which has the largest banking network in uttar pradesh of over 1,200 branches, is expanding the ...

debt restructuring proposals of small micro-lenders in andhra pradesh have hit a roadblock, as banks are not confident of ...

the reserve bank of india will respond appropriately to the market demands, if needed, governor d subbarao said on tuesday. ...

microfinance loans are set to turn dearer, owing to the increase in the service tax rate. while the increase may not appear ...

the government on tuesday said a shortfall of rs 26,106 crore in receipts from disinvestment pushed the fiscal deficit for ...

microfinance institutions (mfis) in andhra pradesh can now breathe a sigh of relief. the deadline for new provisioning and asset ...

now, returns on your savings account have become more lucrative. you can claim an additional deduction of rs 10,000 worth of ...

icici bank plans to raise up to $1 billion through a 10-year overseas bond issue as early as this month, two sources with direct ...

country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today said its shareholders have approved rs 7,900 crore capital infusion by ...

public sector banks gross bad debt jumped over 51% to a whopping rs 103,891 crore in 2011, minister of state for finance namo ...

the country s second largest private lender hdfc bank today appointed donald d souza as the head of its equity capital markets in ...

having been battered by life-changing regulatory moves for over a couple of years now, mutual fund distributors finally have ...

banks have finally agreed to restructure micro-lender bhartiya samruddhi finance (bsfl) s debts of about rs 700 crore on ...

credit-default swaps dealers will hold an auction to settle as much as $3.2 billion of greek bond insurance triggered by the ...

the government has opened the doors for qualified foreign investors (qfis) to the developing corporate bond market in india. ...

after targeting global banks deemed too big to fail, regulators are weighing tougher capital rules for lenders whose collapse ...

the optimum utilisation of the enhanced rs 60,000-crore limit for issuing tax-free infrastructure bonds by companies seems ...

united bank of india is designated banker for indo myanmar trade . it has been facilitating settlement of trade ...

chairman prakash bakshi told business standard the thrust on increasing lending to the agriculture sector and scaling up rural ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard), currently in the midst of a restructuring and reorganisation ...

rating agency moody s on monday downgraded the rating for union bank of india (ubi) by a notch, owing to weak asset quality ...

the rupee today lost five paise to close at 50.23 24 against the us dollar amid weakness in local equities and fresh dollar ...

in its bid to deepen the equity and debt markets by attracting overseas funds, the reserve bank today allowed foreign venture ...

from poor to the rich, everyone living in chhattisgarh will now get a medical cover under a scheme announced by the state ...

state bank of travancore (sbt) has recorded a growth of 27.21 per cent in nri business, up to february 2012 (growth of rs 3,146 ...

bond yields are expected to open firm on account of tight liquidity conditions and low probability of fund infusion through open ...

the second largest private sector lender hdfc bank has said the present situation is not conducive for rate cuts but further ...

with the higher government borrowing plan announced in the budget, bond yields are likely to harden in the near future, say ...

greece remains accident prone and may require further debt restructuring or additional financing from euro countries ...

spring is in the air for financial markets. liquidity is abundant, the desire to invest is rising and green shoots of growth are ...

the euro zone may raise the combined lending power of its bailout funds to close to euro 700 billion from euro 500 billion in a ...

spending on your health check-ups can also help you save tax in the new financial year. finance minister pranab mukherjee on ...

three key themes stood out in the budget. first, the view is that economic growth has bottomed out. the finance minister expects ...

the budget has made an earnest effort to deal with the slowdown. tax exemption on interest earnings on savings accounts and the ...

the government has announced its intent to introduce critical bills to push financial sector reforms. finance minister pranab ...

the government has earmarked rs 15,888 crore for capital infusion into banks in the next financial year, considerably higher than ...

the finance minister has accomplished a commendable budget, balancing fiscal concerns and stimulating growth, fully recognising ...

the finance minister has presented a realistic and balanced budget. the gross domestic product (gdp) forecast for 2012-13 at 7.6 ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) said fiscal consolidation alone would not decide the stance of the monetary policy, but other ...

it was hardly a surprise, but the introduction of the micro finance institutions (development and regulation) bill, 2012, in the ...

the fiscal situation is unlikely to improve even this year. a higher fiscal deficit number, coupled with the government s ...

reserve bank deputy governor kc chakrabarty today said private credit demand will not be crowded out as a result of higher market ...

the government today said it will provide capital support of rs 15,888 crore to public sector banks and financial institutions ...

the government will inject rs 6,000 crore to rs 7,000 crore in state bank of india by next week, banking secretary dk mittal said ...

the world bank has announced $4.3 billion financial aid to india through a new innovative and flexible financing arrangement to ...

patience may well pay off for kapil wadhawan, chairman and managing director of dewan housing finance (dhfl). after ...

the economic survey said asset quality of banks improved in percentage terms in 2010-2011 from the previous year. but the ...

at a time when most banks have failed to convince the reserve bank of india (rbi) in allowing them to set up subsidiary ...

india inc has pinned hopes on the union budget for some relief and also steps to get out of an economic slowdown in 2012-13. but ...

the bank has already crossed rs 2,700 crore this fiscal in terms of total business by the end of december and expecting a growth ...

investment banker nomura expects the reserve bank to cut key policy rate by 0.75 percentage point, instead of 1 percentage point ...

though indian banks exposure to the troubled euro zone is negligible, funding pressure could impact them, economic survey ...

a sum of rs 12,000 crore has been provided in the revised estimates 2011-12. for capital infusion in psbs to enable them to ...

nomura on thursday said it now expects the reserve bank of india (rbi) to cut the repo rate by 75 basis points in 2012 compared ...

expressing dissatisfaction over the rbi decision to keep interest rates unchanged, india inc today said rate cuts were needed to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) left interest rates unchanged as expected on thursday, underscoring its concern about inflation ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) left interest rates unchanged on thursday, citing concern over resurgent inflation risks, even as ...

investment bankers have finally something to cheer about. at a time when most foreign banks and financial services firms are ...

rates on short-term debt instruments inched closer to three-year high levels as liquidity tightened a day ahead of the advance ...

most of the largest banks passed their annual stress test, according to the federal reserve, in a conservative report card that ...

the government today said the reserve bank of india (rbi) is not in favour of relaxing norms on loan restructuring for any ...

after having already cut crr by 0.75 percentage points last week, bankers feel the reserve bank may not do much, especially with ...

a day after chief minister mamata banerjee declared that cooperative societies were not empowered to attach the property of ...

credit-deposit (cd) ratio of a few public sector and private banks in orissa still remains woeful despite credit flow recording ...

standard poor s (s p) on tuesday said slower economic growth and high inflation and interest rates were likely to hit ...

rates on certificates of deposit (cds) increased 25-30 basis points on tuesday, as banks rushed to refinance maturing debt, meet ...

schroders, the uk-based asset management giant that manages close to $291 billion in assets, is set to acquire nearly 30 per cent ...

the federal reserve, exercising sweeping new authority to ensure financial stability, will show how the capital of the 19 largest ...

india inc raised rs 1.64 lakh crore through private placement of debt in the first nine months of the current financial year, ...

oil and natural gas corporation (ongc) may have to pay higher premiums when its insurance policy comes for renewal on may 11. ...

jpmorgan chase is paying the federal government $45 million to settle a lawsuit alleging it charged former soldiers hidden fees ...

greece will have to slash a further 5.5 per cent of gross domestic product (gdp) in government spending in 2013 and 2014 to meet ...

germany s bundesbank used a substantial part of last year s profit to boost its risk buffer because of growing ...

global rating agency standard poor s (s p) today maintained stable credit rating for domestic banks even as it warned ...

standard poor s today said that slower economic growth, high inflation and high interest rates are likely to impact the ...

the government s market borrowings for the current financial year may have come to an end, with the last scheduled auction ...

the good news is greece won t default on march 20, and 10-year borrowing costs for spain and italy have dropped below five per ...

wells fargo and citigroup may join banks in unleashing more than $9 billion in dividend increases and share buybacks if these get ...

l t finance holdings ltd (ltfh), the financial services arm of engineering conglomerate l t, on monday announced its ...

the flow of money from indians abroad into bank deposits remained robust in january 2012, despite an appreciation in the rupee ...

kolkata-based magma fincorp limited is aiming to double the tractor portfolio next year to cover 50,000 units from around 26,000 ...

in a bid to improve customer service in the insurance sector, the insurance regulator is planning to allow new agents to service ...

emudhra, a private certifying authority for issuing digital signature certificate in india, and watchdata system co ltd of ...

punjab national bank (pnb), the second largest public sector bank in the country, has said it is expecting reduction in statutory ...

banks operating in the state continue to struggle in achieving lending target in different key sectors as they have managed to ...

at a time when the uncertain macroeconomic environment has cast a shadow on india inc s fund-raising programme and the fee ...

the liquidity deficit in the banking system continues to remain above the central bank s comfort level, despite a 75-basis ...

china has ample room to tweak policy to support credit growth in the face of volatile foreign capital flows that will inevitably ...

snapping a two-session gaining streak, the rupee today lost 13 paise to close at 49.97 98 against the us currency on fresh dollar ...

as concerns over slowdown in growth deepen and inflation numbers provide some relief, market analysts believe the time is ripe ...

government bond yields might fall this week in response to the liquidity easing measure announced by the reserve bank of india ...

online frauds have been roughly doubling every year, according to independent data, in spite of measures being taken by ...

the cooperative banks (ucbs) have demanded restoration of income tax deduction for all cooperative banks under section 80 (p) of ...

the country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today said it would explore the possibility of raising capital through a ...

terming human capital deficit as a major challenge to public sector banks, finance minister pranab mukherjee today asked them to ...

terming the rbi action to infuse liqidity appropriate , prime minister s economic advisory panel chief c rangarajan ...

despite pressure on margins and concerns over asset quality, the banking sector as a whole will continue to display resilience, ...

the yield on 10-year government bond is likely to ease by 8 to 10 basis points this week in the wake of 75 bps cut in the cash ...

a delhi consumer forum has imposed a fine of rs 15,000 on corporation bank for misplacing an account payee cheque worth rs 45,220 ...

european central bank (ecb) president mario draghi signalled he s done enough to battle the sovereign debt crisis, laying ...

rating agency moody s has affirmed punjab national bank (pnb) s foreign currency long-term issuer rating ...

india s foreign exchange reserves fell $58.8 million to $294.98 billion in the week ended march 2, owing to fluctuation in ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao on friday said the minimum statutory liquidity ratio (slr) requirement should be ...

in a pleasant surprise to the market, the reserve bank of india (rbi) on friday reduced the cash reserve ratio (crr) the ...

riding on its consistent growth, federal bank is set to expand its footprint in gujarat by adding eight branches to its current ...

a decision to cut the cash reserve ratio (crr) by 75 basis points will reduce pressure on liquidity ahead of payment of advances ...

a number of preconditions need to be met before statutory liquidity ratio (slr) can be cut, duvvuri subbarao, governor of the ...

the life insurance corporation (lic) of india wants to divest its 18.81 per cent stake in state-owned mahanagar telephone nigam ...

ahead of credit policy review and budget, reserve bank governor d subbarao on wednesday met finance minister pranab mukherjee and ...

hsbc holdings, europe s largest bank by market value, agreed to sell some of its general insurance units in asia and latin ...

twenty-six years after helping to design the london interbank offered rate, britain s bank lobbyists are distancing themselves ...

general insurance corporation of india (gic re) faces a rs 1,820-crore hit in net worth on account of the unprecedented claims ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked banks to develop a unique system of customer identification across the banking system. ...

ratings agency moody s on wednesday downgraded various debt instruments of bank of india by a notch, owing to a sharp rise ...

cd rates touch 11.5% steep cut in crr expected in credit policyrates on short-term debt instruments soared, as liquidity ...

private sector insurer bharti axa general insurance company ltd is eyeing big in the state of assam as the company plans to ...

public sector lenders bank of baroda (bob) and union bank of india today said they would take a call on slashing interest rates ...

...it is determined that the bank rate should normally stay aligned to the msf (marginal standing facility) rate.

federal bank has become the country s first private sector lender to cut its base rate, or the minimum lending rate, after ...

only a couple of years earlier, gold and platinum cards were perceived as enhancing the social status of cardholders. however, ...

the rupee on tuesday breached the 50-mark against the dollar after nearly six weeks, closing at 50.37, compared with ...

state-run central bank of india on tuesday said it has received iso 27001 2005 certification for compliance with the best ...

the outcome of the first of three key events of march left the market disappointed after the congress party suffered a setback in ...

ajay piramal-promoted piramal healthcare and kishore biyani s future capital have invested rs 310 crore in mumbai-based real ...

the central government plans to increase its market borrowing through longer-dated securities to avoid big redemptions in the ...

reflecting a sluggish demand for loans, bank credit posted a 15.6 per cent annual growth in february 2012. the outstanding credit ...

lenders to ailing moser baer india ltd have proposed to scarify about rs 265 crore of debt, including forgoing part of the ...

bhartiya samruddhi finance (bsfl), the microfinance arm of basix group, has requested banks to convert rs 400 crore loans into ...

the move puts an end to the bankruptcy proceeding that began on september 15, 2008, when lehman collapsed and rocked the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to reduce the cash reserve ratio (crr) by 0.50%age points in the next mid-term policy ...

ucbs are advised to take necessary steps to ensure that they are in readiness to adopt to ifrs convergence ias from april ...

civil society representatives, including national advisory council member aruna roy, medha patkar and vandana shiva have accused ...

the central bureau of investigation (cbi) has not registered a case on a complaint of the home ministry seeking a probe into the ...

in about a month s time from now, purchasing general insurance policies for health, motor and property could become more ...

citibank has introduced an initiative that would offer savings deposit account holders services like draft issuance, duplicate ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has expressed reservations about allowing the life insurance ...

the banking industry in the country needs to have a customer satisfaction audit done by an independent agency that should be put ...

as the system faces liquidity shortage and inflation came down to below seven per cent in january, pressure has mounted on rbi to ...

icici bank and three other financial institutions on monday agreed to float india s first infrastructure debt fund (idf) with a ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor subir gokarn on monday said liquidity infusion through open market operations (omos) ...

state-controlled life insurance corporation (lic) of india pumped in at least rs 4,037 crore to buy 157 million shares in ...

issuances of certificates of deposits (cds) fell on monday, compared with last week, owing to lower demand from banks. according ...

the country s largest private sector lender icici bank today said its expects the reserve bank to further reduce crr and release ...

private sector lender axis bank today said it has raised $500 million (about rs 2,250 crore) through bonds to fund its overseas ...

citigroup inc expects to increase the number credit card customers it has in india by more than 20% a year over the next two to ...

industrial development is key to the size of cash deposit ratio (cdr) in a state and bihar required to accelerate its industrial ...

state-owned oriental bank of commerce (obc) today raised rates on high value fixed deposits by up to 3.5% on select maturities ...

the indian equity market is headed for good times in 2012, underpinned by the expectations of monetary easing by the reserve bank ...

there is still room for the reserve bank of india (rbi) to cut the cash reserve ratio (crr) for banks, rbi deputy governor subir ...

small policyholders of the country s largest life insurer are carrying the can for the government s ambitious ...

the yield on government bonds is expected to be steady, as traders would be cautious amid tight liquidity. there are hopes the ...

in a first of its kind alliance, three lenders have joined hands to form a non-banking finance company (nbfc) to support ...

idbi bank will continue to expand its loan book at a moderate pace of about 15 per cent annually in the next two financial years, ...

moody s investors service on friday cut greece s sovereign debt rating to the lowest possible level after a debt-restructuring ...

european banking shares were upgraded by goldman sachs group inc analysts, who said they anticipate a boost in liquidity and ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has allowed foreign institutional investors (fiis) to invest in primary issuances of ...

ambiguity over the ownership structure and issues related to governance in some of the old-generation private banks have raised ...

cosmos bank, a co-operative bank, on friday inaugurated its first branch in chennai. the branch was inaugurated by s karuppasamy, ...

foreign exchange reserves grew by $1.61 billion to $296.05 billion for the second consecutive week on the back of a rise in the ...

public issue of non-convertible debentures of muthoot finance limited will open from march 2. the issue is of a face value of rs ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday revised the supervisory action framework for urban co-operative banks, saying in case ...

the lack of pension and unit-linked insurance products (ulips) continues to take a toll on the life insurance industry, ...

according to market participants, lenders, including idbi bank, uco bank and central bank of india, have raised funds for three ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) has further tightened the guidelines for credit rating agencies (cra). on ...

india s largest private sector lender, icici bank, has increased service charges on savings bank accounts and has also ...

uk-based standard chartered bank that spends around $1 billion annually for its tech requirements prefers to keep away from the ...

foreign funds may increase their holdings of indian equities as the nation s central bank joins policy makers globally in ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday indicated it would prescribe higher capital adequacy norms than those proposed under ...

reserve bank of india deputy governor hr khan said on friday that options were open on a further cut in the cash reserve ratio ...

india s exporters have begun receiving the first rupee payments from iran, indian government and trade sources said on thursday, ...

the euro zone s manufacturing sector contracted for the seventh straight month in february, with factories in the ...

banks are less likely to opt for take-out financing route to spread their risks in infrastructure financing in the next 12 months ...

rating agency icra today said it expects the asset quality of banks to deteriorate further, given the rising proportion of ...

electracard services (ecs), an electronic payments solution provider, has developed a new switch platform electra switch- itx ...

in its attempt to hasten financial inclusion across the country, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has decided to allow non-banking ...

standard chartered bank, the largest foreign lender in the country with a network of 94 branches, on wednesday said its pre-tax ...

the finance ministry is considering tweaking the norms banks follow while lending to the agricultural sector. the move is aimed ...

the central bank of india s outlook was cut to negative from stable by moody s investors service citing rising bad ...

gold loan company muthoot finance said on wednesday its rs 500-crore bond issue, the third this financial year, will hit the ...

amid tight liquidity conditions, the scramble to raise resources has made state bank of india (sbi) raise short-term deposit ...

in a closely watched display of its firepower, the european central bank (ecb) on wednesday issued to euro zone banks another ...

year-end targets, coupled with the withdrawal pressure before advance tax payments, have led to banks accessing the reserve bank ...

spanish financial sector player banco bilbao vizcaya argentaria (bbva) has called off plans to acquire a 51 per cent stake in bob ...

federal reserve chairman ben s bernanke said keeping monetary stimulus is warranted even as the unemployment rate falls and ...

indian banks have asked the reserve bank of india (rbi) to announce proper guidelines on the classification of restructured ...

hsbc, europe s biggest lender, is significantly scaling down its private banking operations in west asia, two sources told ...

the banking system is likely to face a bigger challenge from restructured accounts in the current environment than they had faced ...

top bankers today sought more clarity from the reserve bank of india (rbi) about classification of bad accounts and demanded that ...

international finance corporation (ifc) is proposing an equity investment of $15 million or 20% of the fund s total ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has come out with a new strategy to boost export credit and promote exports by reactivating a ...

commercial banks in karnataka have achieved 100 per cent financial inclusion ahead of the march 2012 deadline set by the reserve ...

greater regulatory clarity, a stable operating environment, equity infusion and improved fund flow is working to the benefit of ...

according to sources, jayakumar s retirement was due this month. his appointment as managing director and chief executive ...

at a time when slow economic growth has raised concern over the asset quality of banks and prompted the reserve bank of india ...

standard poor s yesterday cut greece s long-term ratings to selective default , the second ratings ...

idbi intech, the information technology arm of idbi bank, is reworking its business model to increase product development and ...

high crude prices amid the oil crisis in iran pose inflationary risks in india. this may come in the way of monetary easing by ...

the indian premier league (ipl) is turning out to be the biggest sporting extravaganza for the national cricket board ...

hsbc holdings plc said on monday it will likely face criminal or civil charges from an investigation into its ties to allegedly ...

reserve bank deputy governor kc chakrabarty will meet top bankers tomorrow to discuss the rising non-performing assets (npas) in ...

india s foreign exchange reserves declined by as much as $10.5 billion in the one-month ending september, 2011 mainly due to the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked banks to appoint nodal officers for boosting export credit and promote overseas ...

a day after sbi reduced rates on education loans, union bank of india today said it may cut interest rates on home and education ...

karur vysya bank has formed a strategic alliance with credit card company sbi cards to offer co-branded visa credit cards to its ...

subex, provider of business support systems for communications service providers, announced on monday that rbi has approved the ...

sks microfinance, the only listed microfinance institution (mfi) in the country, said it had securitised rs 354 crore of ...

hong kong and shanghai banking corporation (hsbc) expects to close the transaction involving the acquisition of royal bank of ...

european central bank (ecb) president mario draghi s success in quelling a bond-market rout across the euro region s ...

india s largest lender, the state bank of india (sbi), on monday announced 25-100-basis point (bps) reduction in interest rates ...

with moderation in domestic growth prospects, major indian non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) are likely to see a drop in ...

rating agency moody s on monday said the severity of losses to indian lenders from the cancellation of 122 telecom licences ...

primary issuances of zero-coupon bonds have increased since the beginning of this year, as issuers target foreign investors who ...

banks borrowed nearly rs 1.8 lakh crore from the repo window of the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday, indicating an acute ...

emerging economies have said they would challenge a tradition that had placed an american at the head of the world bank for ...

global banking giant hsbc holdings plc today posted a 28% jump in its net profit at $16.79 billion for the year ended december ...

operations in public sector banks may be hit tomorrow as employee unions will observe a day-long strike opposing outsourcing of ...

state-owned indian bank today said it may come out with follow-on public offer (fpo) next fiscal if market conditions are ...

the country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today reduced interest rates on education loans by up to 1% point across ...

rates in the overnight call money market are expected to inch up, as banks would borrow to meet the reserve needs at the start of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has said banks should ensure that loan defaulters are not put to embarrassment while debts are ...

leading brokerage firm enam securities has said it is hopeful of its sale to axis bank -- pending for the last 16 months -- going ...

the country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) has taken in-principle decision to slash interest on education loans by up ...

idbi bank s infotech subsidiary on saturday said it is in the process of partnering with business analytics software and services ...

most asian currencies strengthened this week, with the thai baht climbing to a five-month high, as upbeat us economic data and ...

global hedge fund assets may rise 12 per cent this year to a record $2.26 trillion, as investors reduce cash and seek returns, ...

the mf global saga could soon become a legal battle between hedge funds and the futures brokerage s shortchanged customers, with ...

while lenders are keen on diverting basic banking facilities from the traditional branch model to the automated electronic route, ...

citigroup inc, the third largest lender by assets in the us, on friday sold its entire 9.85 per cent stake in the country s ...

india s foreign exchange reserves rose $56 million to $293 billion for the week ended february 17. according to the reserve bank ...

the government has nominated d k mittal, secretary, department of financial services, as a director on the board of reserve bank ...

the rupee today ended below 49-mark at 48.93 94 -- its three-week high level -- against the american currency on sustained dollar ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said the stress being faced by lenders from their exposures to the aviation sector is a ...

arthveda fund management, the pe arm of dewan housing finance limited (dhfl), has tied up with credit analysis research ltd ...

the time is ripe for the reserve bank of india (rbi) to start the rate reversal cycle. economists say. this is because owing to a ...

public sector canara bank is providing more thrust on loans to self-help groups in andhra pradesh as well as in the country. ...

royal bank of scotland group plc, commerzbank ag of germany and france s credit agricole sa booked losses on their greek ...

rbs paid its investment bankers an average of about 112,000 pounds ($176,108) each including salary, bonus and pension, ...

state-run national bank for agriculture rural development (nabard) has justified its restructuring and repositioning ...

citigroup is looking to exit housing development finance corp (hdfc) completely. the financial major has invited bids to sell its ...

us banks pushed regulators to widen proposed restrictions on trading and hedge-fund ownership by foreign firms, then encouraged ...

state bank of india (sbi) will issue equity shares to the union government on a preferential basis at rs 2,191.69 a share. this ...

profits in the standard poor s 500 index are rising faster than its price, leaving the gauge nine per cent cheaper ...

five states tamil nadu, uttar pradesh, gujarat, andhra pradesh and maharashtra account for the highest value of ...

this year, spain s banking sector looks set to shrink to about 10 lenders from more than 40 before the economic crisis, as ...

citigroup inc, which last week admitted breaking federal housing administration rules and paid a fine, also violated regulations ...

reserve bank of india governor duvvuri subbarao is not interested in carrying on in his present job after his term ends in ...

kingfisher airlines cup of woes is brimming, with lenders declining to extend further loans. the tough stand by the ...

rating agencies on wednesday warned against more exposure to debt-ridden kingfisher airlines, saying more debt may hit ...

the slowdown in the life insurance industry has taken a toll on individual agents. according to data collected by life insurance ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is set to revamp product designing practices in the life insurance ...

to increase the retail lending and give thrust to the home loan portfolio, vijaya bank has launched a special campaign by ...

with early signs of improvement in the market sentiments and talks of a likely cut in the cash reserve ratio (crr), public sector ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s top lender, will issue shares to the government at rs 2,191.69 a piece to raise about rs ...

fitch cut greece s long-term ratings today to its lowest rating above a default, becoming the first ratings agency to make ...

only five indian companies would be in a position to choose most available redemption options for their foreign currency ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today announced that it would purchase government securities worth rs 12,000 crore through open ...

state-owned punjab national bank (pnb) today said it proposed to raise rs 1,590 crore by selling about 15.8 million shares to ...

muthoot capital services ltd (mcsl), a non banking finance company (nbfc) arm of muthoot pappachan group focusing on automobile ...

rating agency fitch on tuesday downgraded dhanlaxmi bank s subordinated debt (rs 17 crore) to bbb- from bbb as the ...

ubs ag s decision to become first-confessor as regulators probe the alleged manipulation of interest rates will ratchet up the ...

as a liquidity crunch continues in the banking system, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has said it will consider infusing ...

thrissur-based south indian bank (sib) has revived its plan for a qualified institutional placement (qip) of rs 1,000 crore. the ...

during its interactions with banks, the m v nair committee, set up to review priority sector norms, found most wanted to do away ...

foreign banks may soon have to bring their targets for lending to the priority sector on a par with the targets of domestic ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s top lender, has not given fresh loans to debt-crippled kingfisher airlines, an official ...

the reserve bank of india said on tuesday that banks need to maintain additional liquid assets as part of basel iii guidelines, ...

in mid-2011, with the us economy at risk of a new recession, top federal reserve officials began to explore a different way to ...

a reserve bank panel on priority sector lending today recommended retaining the existing 40% ceiling for the segment while ...

the punjab national bank (pnb), india s second largest bank, has done a business of rs 14500 crore till december, 2011, ...

the supreme court has allowed the appeals of major banks in kerala and dismissed the appeals by the income tax department in a ...

with interbank mobile payment service (imps) in place, banks are now leveraging their existing corporate clientele to replace ...

public sector general insurance firm united india insurance company is planning to complete implementation of core insurance ...

punjab national bank, the country s second largest lender, wanted to buy 30 per cent stake in metlife insurance for rs 1, ...

state-owned syndicate bank today said it would raise up to rs 539 crore through issue of preferential shares to the government of ...

china s central bank cut the amount of cash banks must hold in reserves on saturday, boosting lending capacity by an ...

with a couple of auctions remaining in the government s market borrowing plan for the current financial year, higher demand ...

to prop up the sagging home loan market, state-run lenders central bank of india (cbi) and bank of maharashtra (bom) have ...

state-owned indian bank has introduced account portability feature which allows its customers to retain the account number even ...

inflation is likely to be in the range of 6.5-7.6% during next few months and the moderation is expected to prompt the reserve ...

as part of its programme to infuse liquidity, the reserve bank has bought bonds worth rs 9,857.42 crore through open market ...

at a time when the life insurance industry is staring at its worst growth rate, the insurance regulatory and development ...

citigroup inc, the third-biggest us bank by assets, will let managers of its hedge funds own part of the business, ahead of rules ...

the european central bank (ecb) is swapping its greek bonds for new ones to ensure it isn t forced to take losses in a debt ...

it seems reserve bank of india s (rbi) governor d subbarao favours the minority when it comes to monetary policy actions. ...

rates on certificates of deposit (cds) touched a one-year high as banks borrowed aggressively from the debt markets on friday. ...

bangalore-based public sector lender vijaya bank is likely to close this fiscal with net interest margin (nim) of 2.85-3% despite ...

china, the largest foreign lender to the us, reduced its holdings of treasuries in december to the least since june 2010 amid ...

the finance ministry has written to all public sector banks (psbs) asking them to ensure profits are not overstated and to make ...

four years after rotten mortgages helped trigger a global financial crisis, sherry hunt said her citigroup inc quality-control ...

stuart davis, chief executive of hongkong and shanghai banking corporation (hsbc) in india, is likely to be shifted to singapore ...

despite the rupee taking a u-turn and appreciating against the dollar, the lure of high-interest income seems to be attracting ...

as european lenders seek to deleverage their books to meet new capital adequacy norms amid the euro zone sovereign debt crisis, ...

vikram akula has served a legal notice to sks microfinance, the company he founded in 1997 and in which he served as executive ...

private sector lender indusind bank is set to pick up three-five per cent stake in private sector life insurer aviva life ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) held its central board of directors meeting at bhubaneswar on thursday. governor d. subbarao ...

a majority of external members of the reserve bank of india s advisory panel on monetary policy had suggested a cut in the repo ...

moody s warned on thursday it may cut the credit ratings of 17 global and 114 european financial institutions in another ...

stuart davis, chief executive of hongkong and shanghai banking corporation (hsbc) in india, is likely to move to singapore in ...

you can now apply for a personal loan during your lunch break, without stepping out of the office. if the paperwork is proper, ...

the madras high court has not granted relief to a petitioner seeking the introduction of legislation in tamil nadu to curb ...

arecent report on insurance awareness showed 60 per cent of insured households were not able to clearly understand the extent of ...

the clamour for rate cuts became louder after january s headline inflation stood at 6.5 per cent. however, what makes ...

greece said that europe s wealthier countries are playing with fire by toying with the idea of expelling it ...

with a billion-dollar deal by reliance industries (ril), india inc s desire to tap foreign funds received a new spark. ...

if everything goes well, there will be no unbanked village in punjab and haryana by next month-end. the mission is to provide ...

after bank accounts and card products, comes a specially designed product for women from the insurance sector women ...

france s biggest listed bank, bnp paribas, is expected to report a 63 per cent slump in quarterly profit on wednesday, hit by ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today clarified that non-resident indians (nri) and persons of indian origin (pio) are not ...

one out of every four people do not think that life insurance is important, reveals an irda sponsored study, which also made a ...

the apex bank made this observation while reviewing the fip s during the state level bankers committee (slbc) meeting for ...

with agriculture emerging as the most stressed segment for state bank of india, sbi chief financial officer diwakar gupta today ...

sending a strong signal for urgent fiscal consolidation, the reserve bank of india (rbi) on tuesday said it would look for strong ...

yields on government bonds eased on tuesday as a fall in headline inflation to a 26-month low in january raised hopes for an ...

rating agency moody s warned it may cut the triple-a ratings of france, britain and austria and it downgraded six other ...

microfinance companies in the country finally have something to cheer about. banks have started offering loans to micro-lenders. ...

taking note of the dependence of punjab s small and marginal farmers on non-institutional sources for funds, nabard ...

every day, between 7.30 pm and 11 pm, a top official of a public sector bank gets text messages from 46 zonal managers. the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today announced that it will purchase government securities worth rs 10,000 crore through open ...

leading ratings agency standard poor s today said the rating for the state bank of india (sbi) was not affected despite a ...

the union finance ministry has directed banks to set up ultra small branches in all villages under the financial ...

despite infusion of rs 32,000 crore in january through a cut of 50 basis points in crr, liquidity has continued to stay way above ...

state bank of india is likely to merge its factoring arm, sbi global factors ltd, a company which posted loss of rs 125 crore in ...

robust growth in net interest income helped state bank of india, the country s largest lender, to post a 16.4 per cent ...

while most non-banking finance corporations (nbfcs) continue to shy away from the micro-lending business, l t finance is ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday realigned the bank rate to marginal standing facility (msf) rate in one-time technical ...

the government has allowed the life insurance corporation (lic) to increase stake in public sector entities beyond the 10 per ...

the slowdown in 2009 saw many public sector organisations coming to the rescue of the indian institutes of management (iims). ...

continuing its investor friendly momentum, orissa has attracted investments worth rs 12.08 lakh crore across sectors till the end ...

state bank of india (sbi) plans to raise money from overseas markets under its medium-term-note programme (mtn) in the current ...

the survey is intended to collect comprehensive information relating to the nature, pattern and operation of the foreign ...

traditional cheques may soon be a thing of the past. in perhaps a world s first, a team of british researchers claims to have ...

the rupee is likely to undergo further correction as developments in the euro zone unfold this week, say market participants. ...

yes bank has approached the world bank group member, international finance corpor-ation (ifc), for a $75-million loan to augment ...

it is almost curtains to the super circle of excellence , once a high-profile retail initiative at the state bank of india. the ...

a week after he took charge of dhanlaxmi bank, pg jayakumar decided to cut costs to strengthen the financial position of the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) raised its bank rate to 9.5% from 6% with immediate effect, to align it with the marginal ...

insurance should be taken after giving sufficient thought to your requirements. like, for how long it is needed and what kind of ...

unicredit spa, intesa sanpaolo spa and banca monte dei paschi di siena spa were among 34 italian financial firms downgraded by ...

public sector bank of baroda (bob) will expand its overseas network by increasing up its presence in africa, middle east and ...

india s foreign exchange reserves fell by $177 million to $294 billion for the week ended february 3, 2012, after rising ...

banks with a large network of automated teller machines (atm) will now be able to generate additional revenue by advertising ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) on friday said it was time to have a relook at the country s ...

reliance industries (ril) has raised $1 billion (nearly rs 5,000 crore) by selling foreign currency bonds to investors abroad ...

thursday was a big payday for deutsche bank (db), which ended its tumultuous relationship with the mumbai-based lodha group. for ...

suspected dollar sales by the reserve bank of india helped the rupee recover all intraday losses on friday, but the currency ...

pressed to meet priority sector lending target, banks have stepped-up securitisaton deals, with the non-andhra pradesh portfolio ...

a quick rebound after a sharp fall in the rupee has baffled the financial satraps of india inc, now only taking a short-term view ...

in what made it the first micro insurance agent of l t insurance, ahmedabad-based vimosewa entered into a strategic ...

the biggest us banks will provide about $25 billion in relief to distressed homeowners, as state and federal officials hold ...

at a time when the finance ministry is taking pro-active steps to smoothen the process of top-level appointments in banks, the ...

a couple of days after dhanlaxmi bank s chief executive resigned, the top post in tamilnad mercantile bank has also become ...

royal bank of scotland (rbs) is to wind down some parts of its equities operations as part of a broader cutback of its investment ...

credit suisse posted a surprise fourth-quarter net loss after taking almost 1 billion swiss francs ($1.1 billion) of charges to ...

public sector lender bank of india will revamp up to 350 key branches in metro and large cities to project these as branch ...

the government has nominated department of financial services secretary d k mittal on the board of directors of the reserve bank ...

government-owned air india, which is to issue non-convertible debentures (ncds) to raise funds for repaying its debt mountain, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today assured market participants that bond purchases under open market operations (omos) have ...

the effect of economic slowdown continues to weigh negatively on credit demand. bank disbursement of loans shrunk for the second ...

capital market regulator sebi has decided to share with the ministry of corporate affairs the names of about 500 companies that ...

the finance ministry is planning to appoint an independent advisor at the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda), ...

buoyed by impressive net interest income margins, state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, hopes for better than ...

rising corruption cases, terrorism and heavy fines paid by global financial institutions have forced the financial services ...

l t finance is actively looking to enhance its product line and is looking to foray into a business that many foreign players ...

buoyed by impressive net interest margins, state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender hopes to post better than ...

banks credit to the microfinance, telecom, jute and tea sectors shrank in april-december 2011, as lenders turned cautious ...

singapore state investor temasek holdings is selling 1.38 per cent stake in india s no. 2 lender, icici bank, according to ...

india and iran s new mechanism to partially settle their oil trade in rupees may remain a non-starter unless india s ...

the gujarat state cooperative bank (gscb) and 10 district central cooperative banks (dccbs) have signed a service level agreement ...

simplifying norms for overseas borrowers, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said they will no longer require its approval to ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest state-owned lender, today said its profit this fiscal will surpass that of last ...

high inflation, a weak government fiscal position and slower economic growth will negatively impact india s sovereign ...

amitabh chaturvedi, managing director and chief executive of dhanlaxmi bank, has called it a day, three years after he took ...

acceptance of deposits either by manappuram finance limited or by manappuram agro farms (magro) is punishable with ...

icici bank, the largest private sector lender, saw its employee base shrink by 1,300 people in the past three months of calendar ...

the union finance ministry on monday said banks have an exposure of about rs 15,800 crore to those telecom operators whose 2g ...

public sector lender central bank of india may go in for restructuring of some of its loans given to power companies in the ...

the reserve bank of india s latest notification to banks, to exclude stamp duty, registration and like charges while ...

the sharp decline in the rupee in the second half of 2011 has aided domestic banks with large foreign presence to report strong ...

the yield on government bonds are expected to stay range-bound with the reserve bank of india (rbi) signalling intent to conduct ...

the banking sector, reeling under a rise in non-performing assets (npas) from the corporate sector, is seeking to hedge loans to ...

with age, our commitments increase. be it your child, wife or parents, they all demand financial security. and this is the very ...

the board of indian bank has approved the merger of the bank s wholly-owned asset management subsidiary, indfund management ...

country s largest lender state bank of india has decided to waive guarantees and annual service fees on loans given to small and ...

treasuries declined after the us jobless rate unexpectedly fell to the lease in three years, raising skepticism about federal ...

investors grew more optimistic about most emerging asian currencies in the last two weeks, adding bets on the indian rupee and ...

after a blockbuster january for both equities and bonds rallies that caught many in the market by surprise ...

india s foreign exchange reserves rose marginally by $673 million to $294 billion for the week ended january 27. according to the ...

indian banks, with exposure to second-generation mobile service licence, may see yearly profits fall by up to 10 per cent due to ...

the country s central bank on friday swung into action to take stock of banks exposure to the telecom firms affected ...

a public interest litigation has prompted the insurance regulatory and development authority to issue a draft guideline mandating ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is unlikely to cut rates aggressively even as economic growth appears to have slowed and ...

the state bank of india, the country s biggest lender, will name and shame wilful defaulters and put their pictures in ...

goldman sachs group inc was ordered by a federal judge to face a securities class-action lawsuit accusing it of misleading ...

in a bid to encourage refinancing to warehousing projects, the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) will ...

bankers are unperturbed and chose to play down concerns that their loans to telecom operators would turn non-performing following ...

while india has been the largest recipient of remittances globally for the past few years, political unrest in the west asian and ...

with a rise in the cost of funds and higher provisions for bad loans and restructured assets, corporation bank posted a marginal ...

manappuram finance limited has declared a net profit of rs 161.37 crore, up 117 per cent in the third quarter of the current ...

public sector lender, andhra bank, witnessed a decline of 8.45 per cent in its net profit at rs 303 crore for the third quarter ...

the finance ministry will be infusing rs 18,000 crore in the current financial in 12 banks, including the state bank of india ...

the reserve bank of india on thursday asked banks to consider policies to limit unhedged foreign-currency exposures of clients to ...

japan bank for international cooperation (jbic) and sumitomo mitsui banking corp (smbc) completed a $300 million loan deal for ...

the reserve bank of india s choice of securities to buy in open market operations is not aimed at reducing the cost of borrowing ...

there is no room for aggressive rate cuts in india in the current situation, subir gokarn, a deputy governor of the reserve bank ...

with credit growth not picking up owing to a high interest rate regime, many banks are now apprehensive about meeting their ...

to prevent adverse impact of volatile forex market movement on corporates and their lenders, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, today said it has an exposure of rs 4,500 crore in the telecom companies ...

public-sector lender andhra bank witnessed a decline of 8.5% in net profit at rs 303 crore for the third quarter ended december ...

indian bank has exposure to the tune of around rs 39 crore towards 2g licences, which according to bank s senior official is ...

at least 38 private equity deals worth nearly rs 4,500 crore ($890 million) were sealed in january, according to research firm ...

us private equity firms carlyle group and warburg pincus took advantage of recent market gains to pare stakes in two financial ...

after the reserve bank of india (rbi) rejected the proposal to provide an slr status to bonds, lenders have now ...

bangalore-based public sector lender state bank of mysore (sbm) on thursday reported 15.9 per cent drop in net profit at rs 110.9 ...

after backing sks microfinance, sequoia capital is now betting on another microfinance player, bangalore-based urban poor-focused ...

the reserve bank of india is not looking at giving banks a one-time leeway on provisioning towards non-performing assets at the ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, said interest rates may ease before the central bank reduces the ...

the insurance regulator is determined to make agents graduate into advisors and is coming up with a detailed ...

icici bank, the country s largest private sector lender, is likely to restructure rs 1,300 crore of loans in the current ...

central bank of india may restructure loans worth over rs 7,000 crore of the state government owned power distribution companies ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) sees a need to cap the total public debt as a proportion of the gross domestic product, ...

the euphoria over the national highways authority of india s (nhai) bond issuance not only allowed the public sector entity ...

the non-performing assets of indian banks are expected to touch 4% of the total assets from about 3% in 2011, fitch said in a ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned a grant assistance of rs 20 lakh to ahmedabad ...

with volumes thinning as compared to other currency markets, the rupee-dollar market sways to the whims of the overseas investors ...

idbi bank s net profit dipped to rs 410 crore in third quarter from rs 454 crore in october-december 2010. its chief ...

at a time when a majority of banks are opting for a higher provisioning that is depleting their bottom line, icici bank has gone ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has decided to allow all private sector banks to undertake central and state government business, ...

liquidity continues to remain beyond the comfort level of the reserve bank of india (rbi), even as the cash reserve ratio for ...

the plan of microfinance institutions (mfis) in andhra pradesh to restructure debts is yet to find favour with banks, as lenders ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today announced that it would purchase government securities worth rs 10,000 crore through open ...

indiabulls financial services ltd (ifsl) has pegged its capital requirement, including the debt component, at rs 1,500 crore to ...

public sector lender oriental bank of commerce (obc) on monday reported a 13 per cent decline in net profit to rs 354.22 crore ...

on the back of a rs 80 crore write-back, lic housing finance on monday reported a 43.19 per cent rise in net profit to rs 305.69 ...

backed by higher fee-based income and growth in core operations, kolkata-based allahabad bank posted a 35 per cent growth in net ...

indian bank is planning to raise around rs 1,000 crore through tier-ii capital bonds, to augment its tier-ii capital. the bank ...

air india s debt recast plan has hit a deadlock with both the national carrier and banks continuing to stick to their stand ...

amid hectic parleys on various options for payment to iran for oil imports, the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday said it was ...

after highest net asset value (nav) guaranteed products, the single premium, two-year premium and three-year premium policies are ...

state bank of india, the country s biggest lender, will need to raise funds beyond the rs 7,900 crore assured by the government ...

life insurance corporation of india has launched a new product called jeevan ankur in the child plan space that aims to meet ...

public sector lender punjab national bank (pnb) today said the bank has approved a fund infusion to the tune of 1,285 crore ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today dispensed with the rule under which banks were required to seek its approval for opening ...

state-owned lender punjab sind bank (psb) today reported a 33% dip in net profit at rs 91.63 crore for the third quarter ...

the liquidity increase by the 50-basis-point cut in the cash reserve ratio (crr) and signals on future open market operations ...

indian overseas bank (iob) posted a 53 per cent drop in its net profit at rs 108 crore for the quarter ended december 31, as ...

the rupee is expected to keep a firm grip on the upward trajectory, backed by support from the reserve bank of india (rbi) and ...

state bank of travancore (sbt) has launched green channel counter (gcc), an innovative step towards eco-friendly, paperless ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will watch for a sustained fall in inflation before it moves ahead with a cut in policy rates, ...

the rupee retreated from a near three-month high on monday, weighed by weak equities, dollar demand from a local steelmaker and ...

the reserve bank is unlikely to cut lending rate before april despite moderation in inflation, but may further reduce the cash ...

the bloomberg-jpmorgan asia dollar index climbed to a three-month high as money managers plowed more cash into regional bonds and ...

the credit ratings of italy, spain and three other euro-area countries were cut by fitch ratings, which said the five nations ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s biggest lender, said it could revive international fundraising plans in three-four ...

indiafirst life insurance, a joint venture of bank of baroda, andhra bank and legal general of uk, here on friday launched ...

the central bank seems to be in an unusually generous mood on new banking licences. in a sharp departure from its earlier ...

in a significant development, the supreme court on friday stayed the verdict of orissa high court that had quashed the state ...

the rupee rose to a 12-week high against the dollar, owing to higher fund inflows that reflected the return of risk-taking ...

higher provisioning towards non-performing assets, depreciation in investments and lower net interest income saw canara ...

bank of india reported a 9.65 per cent rise in net profit at rs 716 crore in the third quarter, primarily owing to robust ...

industrial cycle in india may soon move from a slowdown to a recovery phase as the rate of change in leading indications shows ...

tax-free bond issues of indian railways finance corporation (irfc) and housing and urban development corporation (hudco) saw ...

the bangalore-based public sector lender canara bank has recorded an increase of 18 per cent in global business at rs 534,710 ...

euro zone finance officials voiced optimism on friday that a deal to avert a disorderly greek default was imminent and that key ...

calling for a more secured environment in the indian banking system, a senior official of reserve bank of india (rbi) today said ...

the all india regional rural bank officers federation (airrbof) and all india bank officers confederation (aiboc) ...

plans to set up a third party administrator (tpa) for managing health insurance claims by the four public sector insurance ...

banks have witnessed a sharp growth in deposits from non-resident indians (nris) in the past month, thanks to higher interest ...

manipal-headquartered public sector lender syndicate bank reported a 32 per cent rise in net profit to rs 338 crore for the third ...

state bank of india, the country s biggest lender, said it could revive international fundraising plans in 3-4 months, in a sign ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may intervene in the forward foreign exchange market, in addition to the spot market, to help ...

banks will now have greater say with respect to indian companies raising external commercial borrowings (ecbs). the reserve bank ...

for helping banks to restructure loans extended to air india, which the airline is now unable to repay as scheduled, the rbi ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) chairman j hari narayan has asked health insurance companies to devise ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) plans to ban loans by life insurance companies against unit-linked life ...

for long, it has been the forte of private sector banks, but now state-run lenders plan to join the party. nudged by the ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned an amount of rs 114.07 crore under rural ...

the present regulation does not give the banking regulator power to supervise bank subsidiaries, as the central bank can only ...

vijaya bank, the bangalore-based government of india owned bank, is looking at a close to 6 per cent growth in advances to rs ...

state-run lender union bank of india has reported a 66 per cent fall in net profit at rs 197 crore, compared with rs 579 crore in ...

outstanding loan dues in the banking system shrunk by rs 11,167 crore in the first fortnight of january, in line with the fall in ...

starting next financial year, six large public sector banks, with business of more than rs 3 lakh crore, are set to get a third ...

private sector lender yes bank on tuesday said its net profit for the quarter ended december 31 rose 33 per cent to rs 254 crore ...

the pricing with regard to motor insurance products would go up according to the formula prescribed last year but the rise would ...

the union health ministry is in the process of finalising the standardisation of 100-odd procedures related to hospital ...

manipal-headquartered public sector lender syndicate bank has reported a 32 per cent rise in net profit at rs 338 crore for the ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao on tuesday said banks should have a board-approved policy on hedging of foreign ...

headline inflation does not need to get to a particular number for the reserve bank of india to act on interest rates, deputy ...

deputy governor of rbi subir gokarn today said he would not rule out conducting open market operations (omo) subsequent to the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said there is no concern about the level of non-performing assets (npas) in the banking ...

the reserve bank today said the government should deregulate diesel prices in order to contain the trade deficit, which is ...

the reserve bank today suggested that the government should endeavour to contain high fiscal deficit, which has been restraining ...

the reserve bank s decision to cut cash reserve ratio (crr) by half a percentage point will boost the economic growth by ...

there is no immediate respite to home, auto and corporate loan borrowers in terms of their monthly equated instalments (emis) but ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) took the half way route today by keeping key policy rates unchanged, but cut the cash reserve ...

the reserve bank of india on monday said capital flows to india may reverse if the sovereign debt crisis in europe worsened. ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday said the deceleration in growth in advances was due to the risk-aversion strategy ...

property developers have slowed new project launches and are sitting on large land banks to retain pricing power. this has aided ...

kotak mahindra bank on monday said its consolidated net profit for the quarter ended december 31 rose 21 per cent to rs 463 crore ...

forecasters have revised the country s growth projection downward, as global uncertainties now indicate the degree of the ...

rural electrification corporation (rec) plans to raise close to rs 4,000 crore through tax-free bonds by the end of march. the ...

though housing and urban development corporation (hudco) would begin issuing tax-free bonds on the same date as indian railways ...

a build-up in credit concentration, a sharp increase in lending to the aviation and power sectors, and the weakening asset ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday said weakening economic growth prospects would provide some space for the ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) on monday launched jeevan ankur, its first life insurance product in the current fiscal ...

the rapid decline in fiscal health and deterioration in the external sector outlook has prompted the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

citigroup inc said it would cut about 100 jobs in india, where it has been expanding rapidly, while reiterating that the country ...

indian banks may reduce lending rates for select sectors including those that are seeing higher demand for credit and lower level ...

the reserve bank of india left interest rates on hold on tuesday but cut the cash reserve ratio for banks by 50 basis points, a ...

the reserve bank of india cut cash reserve requirements for banks in a move to ease tight liquidity, signaling a policy shift ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday said the sharp decline in food inflation was due to a seasonal fall in vegetable prices ...

the bank had posted a net profit of rs 143.10 crore for the corresponding quarter last fiscal, federal bank said in a filing to ...

the finance ministry s ambitious plan to implement portability in savings accounts has not found favour with the reserve ...

the finance ministry wants the reserve bank of india (rbi) to switch its policy stance, with growth concerns occupying centre ...

whether the market continues to add to the spectacular gains since the new year would largely depend upon the reserve bank of ...

mangalore-based private sector lender karnataka bank limited on saturday reported a massive jump of 86.7 per cent in net profit ...

global ratings agency moody s has said inflation in india is likely to moderate to around 6.5% by the middle of this year and the ...

asian currencies had a third weekly gain, led by the rupee and south korea s won, as signs of a global economic recovery ...

state-run lender bank of maharashtra (bom) has repor-ted 50.2 per cent growth in net profit at rs 135.54 crore for the quarter ...

china is filling a lending vacuum in asia as european banks limp home to preserve capital, and is making sure loans have spin-off ...

axis bank, the third-largest private sector lender in the country, on friday said its net profit for the quarter ended december ...

looking to tap the indian market for electronic financial transactions, mieux infracon ltd, an ahmedabad-based e-commerce ...

the bank had posted a net profit of rs 256.19 crore for the corresponding quarter last fiscal, 2010-11, syndicate bank said in a ...

the bank had posted a net profit of rs 90.25 crore for the corresponding quarter last fiscal, bom said in a filing to the bombay ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today bought bonds worth rs 10,435 crore through open market operations (omo), against a target ...

mumbai, jan 20 (pti) snapping its six-day gaining streak, the rupee today closed down by six paise to end at 50.31 32 against the ...

tax-free bonds by infrastructure entities like the national highways authority of india are drawing interest from private equity ...

sks microfinance on thursday said its net loss for the quarter ended december 31 widened to rs 427.8 crore from rs 385 crore in ...

hdfc bank on thursday said its net profit for the quarter ended december 31, rose 31 per cent to rs 1,429.7 crore, compared with ...

lenders to air india (ai) met on thursday to vet its revised debt restructuring proposal and said the troubled government ...

interest rates on short-term debt instruments touched double digits on thursday, as banks raised funds to meet credit growth ...

hedge funds have been known to use hardball tactics to make money. now they have come up with a new one suing greece in a human ...

high-value term deposits in banks may not be subjected to tax deducted at source (tds) if the finance ministry agrees to ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh) on thursday launched a loan product for purchase of gold and gold ornaments that carries 13 per ...

banks are working with the rbi to explore the possibility of extending loan repayment period for those power sector companies ...

hdfc bank today reported a 31% growth in its net profit at rs 1,429.66 crore for the december quarter, mainly on account of ...

attractive interest rates on term deposits for non-resident indians (nris) and investment options in domestic debt played in ...

the recent controversy surrounding pension plans has taken another turn, with the insurance regulatory and development authority ...

moody s investors service cut financial-strength ratings for commerzbank ag (cbk), germany s second- largest lender, ...

goldman sachs group inc, the new york-based bank that eliminated 2,400 jobs last year, reduced its compensation and benefits ...

the cost of protecting against default in india is surging to a three-year high as investors bet that the government will fail to ...

banks love affair with indian arts seems to be blossoming. not only the domestic banks are investing money to preserve and ...

the promoters of bajaj finance plan to infuse about rs 300 crore this quarter to beef up the company s tier-i capital. ...

the international monetary fund (imf) is proposing to raise its lending capacity by $500 billion to insulate the global economy ...

it seems all that glitters ultimately turns out to be gold. india s top banks are now vying for market share in the gold ...

the board of tuticorin-headquartered tamilnad mercantile bank (tmb) has approved an interim dividend of rs 900 per share of rs 10 ...

reliance communications (rcom), the flagship company of anil ambani-led reliance group has arranged loan for refinancing its ...

soon, you would be able to buy a health insurance plan from a neighbourhood pharmacy, or be advised on such a plan by your ...

ten-year bonds were little changed after this week s losses, amid speculation that investors would pare holdings before a ...

the rates on overnight indexed swaps (ois) have started rising, as markets anticipate that a reversal in the monetary tightening ...

large capital market players such as reliance capital, edelweiss, india infoline, religare and india bulls have diversified and ...

with a strong flow of portfolio investment in the capital market, the rupee on tuesday closed at a two-month high of 50.71 ...

quarter-closing rush, high volatility in foreign exchange rate, rbi steps to curb speculative trading see volumes rise to $107 bn ...

lenders in india are not investing in digital platform for banking even as customers are ready to pay for service which they use, ...

state bank of india (sbi) today said it would be difficult for lenders to provide more funds to debt-ridden kingfisher airlines ...

hdfc bank has been featured by harvard business review in a list of 10 companies globally that have grown their net income by ...

aided by a robust jump in net interest income and improved margins, private sector lender ing vysya bank on monday reported a 44 ...

the finance ministry had approved (the plan) long back. even the planning commission s approval is in place. it ...

power finance corporation (pfc) may partner edelweiss financial services for the $1-billion private equity (pe) fund it plans to ...

bank of baroda (bob) plans to convert all of its metro and urban branches across the country into sales and service outfits known ...

the international monetary fund (imf) said it aims to expand lending capacity to counter the impact of europe s escalating ...

investment bankers generally laugh all the way to the bank once shares get listed on the bourses, but they may have to hang ...

the pension fund regulatory and development authority (pfrda) on monday revised the charges to be taken from private sector ...

the government has agreed to infuse fresh capital of rs 775 crore in bank of baroda (bob) by the end of march 2012, chairman and ...

idbi bank has set up an online portal for retailing bonds by the central and state governments, respectively. retail investors ...

public sector lender idbi bank is in talks with asian development bank (adb) to secure a part-guarantee for its $200-million bond ...

despite headline inflation showing signs of easing, the wait for a reversal of the central bank s policy stance may be ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s biggest lender, is not looking at raising more funds, its chairman told reuters a day ...

south indian bank has registered 32% jump in net profit at rs 280 crore for the third quarter ended december 31 and plans to ...

bank of baroda (bob) plans to expand its international operations by opening more than a dozen branches and representative ...

ing vysya bank reported a 43.3% increase in its net profit at rs 119 cr for the quarter ended december 31, 2011. it was rs 83 ...

inflation (wpi) for december 2011, riding on high base coupled with lower food prices, at 7.47% is significantly lower than 9.11% ...

state bank of india (sbi) will increase the interest rate on car loans by at least 50 basis points from tomorrow to bring these ...

despite the loans extended to kingfisher airlines being declared as non performing assets (npas) even as a part of these ...

country s largest lender state bank of india has halved the home loan processing fee, a move which could be followed by other ...

a new video game has gotten its hooks into brian kealer, a 26-year-old san francisco software engineer. he s not killing ...

a bank official on friday identified the account statements of reliance communication ltd in a delhi court, holding the 2g case ...

the country s foreign exchange reserves dipped to a 13-month low to $293.5 billion for the week ended january 6, 2012, down ...

moody s investors service has affirmed all syndicate bank s local currency deposit ratings and all debt ratings, but ...

while implementation of basel iii norms will help in improving the capital base of the banks in the country, the credit growth of ...

with nearly half a dozen chief executives of government banks set to retire in 2012-13, the finance ministry has interviewed 11 ...

the maharashtra government has appealed to the finance ministry to extend the march deadline for seeking banking licence by the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said ceos and staff of private and foreign banks cannot draw excessive salary, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today allowed foreign individual investors, pension funds and trusts as qualified foreign ...

public sector general insurer new india assurance company, the only domestic general insurer with presence in japan, has received ...

to showcase over 25,000 property ranging from rs. 5 lakhs to rs. 5 crore.

infrastructure development finance company (idfc) has launched retail issue of long-term tax saving infrastructure bonds offering ...

as food deflation continued for the second week in a row, the reserve bank on thursday said it would factor in declining food ...

while inflows in non-resident (external) rupee accounts (nre) have increased on the back of higher interest rates, the funds in ...

gruh finance ltd, a subsidiary of hdfc ltd has registered 30 per cent increased in the net profit at rs 64.77 crores for the ...

the reserve bank of india sold $2.92 billion in the foreign exchange market during november the highest monthly dollar ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) has reported a 10 per cent growth in net profit for the quarter ended december 31, ...

the asian development bank (adb) is keen to finance infrastructure development projects in the state in sectors like roads, ...

tax laws say the premium paid towards insurance in any form is eligible for deduction under section 80c. so, all pension plans ...

the reserve bank of india s proposed guidelines for implementing basel-iii norms may negatively affect credit growth ...

life insurance corporation s housing finance arm lic housing finance (lichfl) today launched a rs 500-crore venture capital fund ...

credit card transactions carried out in november, 2011 were worth rs 7,920 crore, up 14.4% from that in the same month last year, ...

monica and sameer were in for a rude surprise when they received a letter from the housing company in which they had booked a ...

the government has agreed to infuse fresh capital into state bank of india (sbi) through a preferential issue and the ...

the state bank of india on wednesday said it was more comfortable on the issue of non-performing assets (npas) in the past month ...

india inc is slowly coming back on track on raising funds abroad, with a more than $2 billion mop-up expected in the next three ...

indian companies, which are rated on international scale do not risk a major drop in their operating margins, says fitch. the ...

there is some current good news, from banks, for those who despair of state-run electricity distribution utlilities setting their ...

the government has agreed to infuse fresh capital into state bank of india through a preferential issue and the country s largest ...

international investment in india s bonds would rise this year as policy makers rein in inflation, boosting the rupee after ...

the tamil nadu government has awarded the state government-sponsored health insurance contract to public sector general insurer ...

the union finance ministry on tuesday said moody s investor services had, in addition to the three upgrades on december 20 ...

indusind bank reported growth of 34 per cent in net profit on the back of robust core fee income for october-december 2011. the ...

microfinance institutions in andhra pradesh have urged the reserve bank of india (rbi) to allow them more time to meet the new ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has cautioned banks that the rush to raise non-resident deposit rates may shrink their margins ...

the reserve bank of india has hinted that a cut in the cash reserve ratio, or crr, was unlikely in its monetary policy review on ...

banks will be allowed go below minimum liquidity levels set by global regulators during financial crises to avoid cash-flow ...

the information technology (it) sector in india made the most out of the falling exchange rate of rupee in the last five months ...

as first step indicating easy monetary policy, the reserve bank of india may cut the cash reserve ratio (crr), rather than reduce ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) on monday announced the launch of a new centrally-sponsored ...

the ongoing sovereign-debt crisis in the eurozone is much more serious than the global financial meltdown of 2008. if the ...

you will now have to pay if you don t operate your savings or current account for a year. hdfc bank, the second largest private ...

tax-saving bonds seem to have become an opportunity wasted for the government, which is struggling to raise funds for its ...

l t infrastructure finance will be looking to raise at least rs 300 crore by way of issuing the second tranche of tax-saving ...

india s lenders may lower interest rates if their funding costs come down, but banks have not suggested any specific steps at a ...

interest rates are likely to see a possible downward trend in the current year which will support growth prospects of the ...

rating agency moody s today said the reserve bank of india s (rbi) draft guidelines for adoption of basel-iii norms, which seek ...

insurance companies have approached the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) for review of 22 pension products ...

dhanlaxmi bank today entered the silver retailing business with the launch of dhan silver bars. the silver bars ...

accounting professionals and auditors of banks have to gear up to cope with newer risks and shocks in the banking and financial ...

punjab national bank (pnb) has zeroed on boston consulting group (bcg) to advise on reworking its operating model, human ...

swiss central bank chief philipp hildebrand resigned on monday in the face of growing criticism of a controversial currency trade ...

housing development finance corp expects the rbi to cut the cash reserve ratio, rather than interest rates, at its monetary ...

a few months before mf global collapsed in bankruptcy, some top executives at the futures firm were talking about a plan ...

lic housing finance ltd, the housing finance arm of life insurance major lic of india, on friday said, it is look-ing to invest ...

the upcoming basel iii guidelines will require more time if it seeks to improve the ability of banks, said anand sinha, deputy ...

while the government security (g-sec) maturing 2017, with a coupon rate of 8.07 per cent, garnered over rs 1,346.08 crore, the ...

india inc must take long-term forward cover to reduce the risks from volatility in foreign exchange rates, is the reserve bank of ...

india s foreign exchange reserves touched a one-year low on december 30, according to the reserve bank of india (rbi). the ...

taking note of non-adherence by some banks to rules on sending confirmation of payments made through the national electronic ...

power finance corporation (pfc) has revived its plan to raise $1 billion via medium-term notes (mtn). the power sector lender, ...

india s foreign exchange reserves touched a one-year low on december 30, according to the reserve bank of india. the ...

credit rating agency crisil has assigned the highest (5 5) grade to the proposed initial public offer (ipo) of india s ...

indian overseas bank (iob) on friday received rs 100 crore from small industries development bank of india (sidbi), as part of ...

the export-import bank of the united states of america (us exim bank) is looking to diversify its loan portfolio in india while ...

while moderate inflation is essential for economic expansion, some short-term sacrifice in growth is inevitable for the sake of ...

foreign exchange reserves continued their slide for the second consecutive week, falling by over $4.18 billion to $296.69 ...

banks worldwide are facing more challenges in the current economic environment and while macro-sustainability is a necessity, it ...

the troubles of cash-strapped kingfisher airlines worsened today with another lender classifying its loan to the vijay ...

state-run andhra bank today said it is expecting credit offtake, which has been hovering around 7% so far this fiscal, to pick up ...

as part of the strategy to infuse liquidity in the system, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today bought bonds worth rs 8,471.45 ...

voicing concerns over deteriorating assets quality in the banking sector, finance minister pranab mukherjee today ...

public sector banks, including state bank of india (sbi), have advised the government against stake sale in the central public ...

ex-goldman sachs group inc. (gs) director rajat gupta is trying to bolster his defense to federal insider- trading charges by ...

private equity investors, icici venture and sequoia capital along with oman insurance have infused rs 50 crore into chennai-based ...

france plans to sell as much as euro 8 billion ($10.4 billion) of debt today in the country s first test this year of ...

the promoters of swaws credit corporation, a secunderabad-based microfinance institution, are willing to give up majority stake ...

executive director of reserve bank of india v k sharma, on thursday said that corporate india should invariably hedge their ...

in a move to liberalise foreign borrowing norms for smaller firms, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has reduced the minimum ...

srei infrastructure finance has come out with a maiden issue of tax -saving bonds and would be looking to raise up to rs 300 ...

private-sector banks in india may need to raise a few trillion rupees of capital to meet basel iii norms, anand sinha, a deputy ...

the finance ministry is likely to infuse rs 17,000 crore into public sector banks in the current fiscal to help them meet their ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today raised the annual limit of foreign currency convertible bonds (fccbs) for companies to $750 ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, today said it was likely to get a capital infusion of up to rs 6,000 ...

auto and home loan borrowers can expect some relief soon as banks and the reserve bank of india (rbi) are likely to go for a 1 ...

more than 11,500 banking jobs could be axed globally as a result of separate restructuring initiatives being undertaken by two ...

fitch has changed the performance outlook across various asset classes from stable to negative, especially for commercial vehicle ...

taking serious note of complaints from the micro, small and medium enterprises (msme) sector on non-acknowledgment of loan ...

if you plan to buy a pension plan as a part of your tax-saving exercise, you need to wait. the reason is simple there are just ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has hinted at reversing its tight monetary stance after almost two years of continuous ...

under the automatic route, 78 companies raised $ 1.3 billion. ongc mangalore petrochem raised $250 million and tata teleservices ...

the union government on wednesday said interest rates on post office savings schemes, except the public provident fund (ppf), ...

banks may have a subdued third quarter 2011-12, according to analysts and bankers, with the growing burden of bad loans, ...

star union dai-chi life insurance co limited (sud life), a joint venture of bank of india, union bank of india and japan-based ...

star union dai-ichi life insurance (sud life) is bullish on the upcountry market, especially uttar pradesh, bihar and jharkhand ...

greeks and italians are taking their money and running, moving it abroad or even burying it underground, for fear the euro zone ...

jpmorgan chase co has been sued for $95 million by the trustee for securities marketed in 2005 by the former bear stearns ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today introduced uniform asset-liability management norms for market ...

the country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) has called off talks with visa inc and elavon inc to form a joint ...

india inc is not afraid of being crowded out of the corporate bond market despite the government s announcement of extra rs ...

bank of india, south indian bank, lakshmi vilas bank s proposals rejected, to add to the earlier ones of icici bank and ...

ubs ag, switzerland s biggest bank and a unit of ing groep nv, started the new year by selling top-rated covered bonds to ...

us regulators, required by congress to remove credit ratings from banking rules, have devised a plan anchored in a paris-based ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) allowed relaxation of price band limits of government securities that were traded on monday. ...

allahabad bank has decided to increase interest rates on nre (ruppee)term deposits with effect from january 4 for the following ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today announced it would purchase government securities worth rs 12,000 crore on friday through ...

if the basel iii guidelines are implemented as per the proposed deadline set by the reserve bank of india (rbi), banks will ...

public sector lender bank of maharashtra (bom) today said it expected a capital infusion by the government this fiscal as it had ...

the finance ministry is working on savings banks account number portability, which will allow a customer to retain his account ...

nylim jacob ballas india fund iii llc (jacob ballas fund) will invest rs 200 crore in religare finvest limited (rfl), the nbfc ...

a cap on borrowing by non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) from banks may strengthen the financial system. according to a ...

as part of their efforts to raise more foreign currency resources from indians abroad, commercial banks have revised rates on ...

concerned over declining growth, reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao has indicated the central bank could reverse the ...

the success of the tax-free bond issue by the national highways authority of india (nhai) has been repeated by power finance ...

sahay is the chief executive and managing director, star union dai-ichi life insurance, while roy chowdhury is executive director ...

the roller-coaster ride for asian currencies, which saw only the yen and yuan post significant gains for the year against the us ...

state bank of india (sbi) has achieved 100% coverage of its allotted unbanked villages in andhra pradesh under the financial ...

infrastructure development finance company (idfc) today said it had raised rs 532.6 crore through an issue tax-saving ...

domestic banks will not be as affected as their developed world peers by basel-iii norms and conserving capital will be the key ...

customers may soon be allowed to switch banks without changing account numbers. after similar moves in mobile telephony and ...

after a long wait and prolonged consultation with stakeholders, the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) finally ...

the rupee was asia s worst performing currency this year, and the outlook for 2012 also remains bleak. despite measures ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has launched a scheme for 100 per cent refinancing of loans ...

the government s finances are really not matching up to earlier expectations. this financial year, the centre is set to go ...

warning non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) not to stray from norms for the issuance of non-convertible debentures, the ...

india s foreign exchange reserves fell by $1.2 billion to $301 billion for the week ended december 23, according to the ...

the festive season may be over, but festive offers on loans are open for the next couple of months. public sector banks offering ...

in order to strengthen risk management mechanism, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today issued draft guideline envisaging that ...

citibank today became the first foreign lender to hike interest rates on nre deposits in the wake of rbi deregulating interest ...

the new year may bring some cheer to indian consumers and companies on the interest rate front. mumbai-based lender union bank of ...

rural electrification corporation (rec), which initially planned to raise $1 billion through foreign currency convertible bonds ...

balaji infra projects ltd-owned dighi port has been referred to the corporate debt restructuring process to recast loans worth rs ...

according to the current financial plan, the autonomous government agency will require rs 24,000 crore till the end of next ...

private insurer indiafirst life insurance on thursday said it has tied up with vidharbha kshetriya gramin bank, a regional rural ...

about two months after the moody s downgraded outlook on indian banks on concerns over asset quality, the finance ministry ...

city-based kanakamahalakshmi cooperative bank limited (kcb) has got approval from the reserve bank of india to open branches ...

the competition commission of india (cci) has given approval to the proposed acquisition of credit card business of barclays ...

as part of the strategy to infuse liquidity in the system, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today bought bonds worth rs 8,109.48 ...

auto and home loan borrowers can look forward to better days in the new year as interest rates, which shot up during 2011, are ...

deepak parekh, chairman of housing development finance corporation (hdfc), has resigned from the board of hindustan unilever ...

federal reserve chairman ben s bernanke could double press briefings to improve understanding of policy changes that may include ...

the obama administration declined to brand china a manipulator of its exchange rate while calling the yuan undervalued and vowing ...

at the peak of the interest rate rise cycle, the growth in bank advances fell to a 21-month low, according to data released by ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) on wednesday cracked down on promoters, key officials and directors, including ...

when aarti and ajay naik were deciding on the type of health cover they should buy, tax benefit played a crucial role. reason ...

while cricket superstar sachin tendulkar awaits a century of centuries , his new five-storey bungalow in bandra has ...

cash-starved microfinance institutions (mfis) are queueing to raise foreign currency loans in the new year. sks, share, bandhan ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today allowed cooperative and primary urban cooperative banks to fix their interest rates on ...

the kolkata-based retail finance player magma fincorp is hopeful of getting general insurance licence in the first half of the ...

the country s largest private lender icici bank and state-run idbi bank today hiked the interest rate on rupee deposits by ...

state bank of india s proposed joint venture with bharti airtel has fallen through after the reserve bank of india ...

to tide over the liquidity crisis, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today announced it would purchase government securities worth ...

banks will have to set aside extra capital for equity investment in financial entities, even if the latter were exempted from ...

the rupee today closed lower by 31 paise at rs 53.02 03 against the us currency on fresh month-end dollar demand from importers ...

the country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) and a few other banks, including kotak mahindra bank, today announced a ...

when werner rueegg managed wealth for clients of credit suisse group ag, oswald gruebel, who became chief executive officer at ...

kolkata-based united bank of india plans to raise rs 200 crore by selling lower tier-ii bonds in a private placement this week. ...

acquiring land in states such as goa, west bengal and kerala was a concern, a senior national highways authority of india (nhai) ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday deregulated interest rate on savings accounts in all state and central co-operative ...

the absence of a uniform law for various lenders has led to an uneven playing field, necessitating the need to review and recast ...

the access to banks for underprivileged like labourers in rural areas is yet a distant dream for many, as bankers show little ...

air india s debt restructuring has hit a hurdle as banks say they want seats on the airline s board after they agreed to ...

though santosh shetty is furiously punching away on his keyboard, his eyes are locked on the terminal. the life of this senior ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has revised capital adequacy norms for non-banking finance companies (nbfcs), to improve their ...

japan and china will promote direct trading of yen and yuan without using dollars and will encourage the development of a market ...

the second-largest public sector lender punjab national bank (pnb) today increased interest rates on nre term deposits ranging ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today tightened the prudential norms for the non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) under which ...

private general insurer bharti axa general insurance is likely to post 40-45% growth in premium collection to rs 800 crore in the ...

absence of a uniform law governing various lenders has led to an uneven playing field, necessitating the need to review and ...

the government has agreed to infuse rs 775 crore in the third-largest state-owned lender bank of baroda (bob), a top official of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today barred non-banking financial company money masters leasing finance (mmlf) from ...

the indian rupee appreciated by 10 paise to rs 52.86 per us dollar in early trade on the interbank foreign exchange today, ...

foreign currency assets, the biggest component of the forex reserves, fell by $4.668 billion to $266.968 billion for the ...

the rate at which banks lend overnight to one another jumped 428 basis points this year to 9.78 per cent on december 23, 128 ...

marriages are made in heaven, but, they can very well turn sour on this earth, by etting cancelled or not proving to be fruitful, ...

yields on the government bonds are expected to continue to fall as the market expects relief from continuous weekly auctions. the ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has estimated a credit flow potential of rs 52,168.11 crore ...

bank of america corp (bofa) chief executive officer brian t moynihan told employees in a year-end letter that he bolstered the ...

marriages are made in heaven, but they can very well turn sour on this earth, by way of getting cancelled or not proving to be ...

global corporate and investment banks will derive almost half their revenues from asia by 2015, according to a report by global ...

more banks have entered the race to attract overseas indians money after a dollar-starved reserve bank freed the rates on ...

inflation in india is likely to moderate as per the reserve bank s projection while the growth is expected to fall, prompting the ...

as part of its strategic diversification, chennai-based non-banking finance company (nbfc) kreon financial services limited is ...

after private banks, it is now the turn of large public sector banks to raise interest rates on non-resident (external) rupee ...

government bond prices ended lower after the reserve bank of india (rbi) sold rs 12,000 crore of fresh papers on friday, erasing ...

in what comes as relief to the non-life insurance industry, the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has ...

india s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) will soon launch mediclaim and accidental insurance facility for its ...

the country s foreign exchange reserves fell by a whopping $4.67 billion to $302.1 billion in the week ending december 16 on the ...

a person cannot claim damages from bank if he fails to immediately block his lost atm and money is unauthorisedly withdrawn by ...

india s vulnerability to external macroeconomic risks had increased, following the sovereign debt crisis in europe and the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has expressed concern on the rising third-party motor pool losses in the non-life insurance ...

bank of america corp will pay a record $335 million to compensate countrywide financial corp borrowers who were charged more for ...

maharashtra state cooperative bank (mscb) has come out with stringent norms to provide working capital loans to sugar mills in ...

lanco infratech ltd has filed a claim of around rs 200 crore under the advanced loss of profit (alop) policy, the ...

private sector banks have started increasing interest rates on non-resident deposits, barely a week after these rates were ...

stress from the debt-ridden euro zone area had spilled over, leading to increased volatility in domestic markets, the reserve ...

private sector lenders like hdfc bank, yes bank, dhanlaxmi bank and the state-run allahabad bank today steeply increased the ...

as part of its strategy to ease the liquidity crunch, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today bought bonds worth rs 8,790 crore ...

india s banking system is stable and can withstand global shocks, but there are weak spots like decelerating growth and rising ...

private sector lender lakshmi vilas bank has hiked interest rate on non-resident external (nre) term deposits with immediate ...

the federal reserve s plan to boost supervision for u.s. banks stopped short of setting minimum liquidity levels and delayed ...

efg international, the zurich-headquartered global private banking group that manages $20 billion, is reviewing its india ...

the rupee bucked the weakening trend, as dollar inflows and a strong performance in the domestic share market helped the currency ...

the increasing current account deficit, a dip in capital inflows and rising inflation have brought the rupee closer to its real ...

the rating upgrade on domestic government bonds by moody s will have limited impact on the banking sector and investment ...

i was supposed to travel to europe in the coming winter break. i had even purchased an insurance policy covering my wife and ...

state bank of india chairman pratip chaudhary on wednesday said the lower credit deposit (cd) ratio in uttar pradesh would ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development on tuesday said it had earmarked rs 2,000 crore for building warehouses to ...

call rates in the interbank overnight borrowing market hardened, reflecting the pressure on liquidity, as advance tax funds went ...

the consolidation mergers and acquisition of small microfinance institutions (mfis) struggling to raise money ...

mounting interest from global private equity firms to set up presence in india brings more opportunities for local pe veterans. ...

taking advantage of falling yields, the power finance corporation (pfc) would look to raise rs 4,000 crore through tax-free ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has imposed penalties on 19 commercial banks, including state bank of india (sbi), hdfc bank, ...

low margins and cash crunch have resulted in job cuts and a decline in the insurance industry. a policy roadblock is making it ...

the rupee bounced back from the day s low on monday, buoyed by dollar sales from some local companies. however, weakness in local ...

such infrastructure debt funds (idfs) are expected to address the long-term financing needs of infrastructure projects and ...

india infrastructure finance company (iifcl) on monday said the government has approved major modifications in take-out financing ...

rural electrification corporation (rec) plans to raise at least rs 1,000 crore through a tax-saving bonds issue in the third week ...

yields of government bonds coming off after the monetary policy announcement by the reserve bank of india (rbi) has led to a ...

a satisfactory relationship for at least 3 years with a commercial bank, authorised to deal in foreign exchange, ...

mid-sized private banks are looking to strengthen their non-resident deposit bases by offering higher rates. this follows the ...

hongkong and shanghai banking corporation (hsbc) is likely to cut jobs in india, as part of its plan to lay off 30,000 employees ...

state bank of india (sbi) chairman pradeep chaudhary and managing director krishna kumar are arriving in lucknow tomorrow on a ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today asked banks to strictly follow the know-your-customer (kyc) norms or anti-money laundering ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today allowed microfinance institutions (mfis) to raise up to $10 million through external ...

snapping its two-session gaining string, the rupee today settled down by 16 paise at 52.86 87 against the dollar due to fresh ...

the total value of transactions carried out using cheques across the country amounted to rs 8.53 lakh crore in october, down six ...

yields on government securities are likely to fall further in the coming weeks due to the announcement of liquidity-easing ...

customer protection should be the highest priority of all financial institutions. it is vital for the overall financial ...

credit flow to microfinance institutions (mfis) will be adequate in future with the new regulations, said member of financial ...

the total value of transactions carried out using cheques across the country amounted to rs 8.53 lakh crore in october, down 6% ...

pointing to shortcomings in the quality of bank audits, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has said financial statements certified ...

disapproving of the huge discounts offered by general insurance companies in the face of increasing competition, the insurance ...

to facilitate tribal community residing in bargi dam backwater, jabalpur revenue division state bank of india on friday donated ...

public sector state bank of india (sbi) has collaborated with indian institute of management, lucknow (iim-l) for training its ...

the insurance regulatory development authority (irda) today said it would take steps to introduce an electronic re-insurance ...

reserve bank governor d subbarao today said he cannot speculate on when he will start cutting policy rates, but assured that the ...

concerned over economic slowdown, the reserve bank today kept interest rates unchanged and indicated that it could cut key policy ...

a fall in reliance industries ltd s gas output at its kg d6 block is due to it drilling fewer number of wells than promised ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has pegged rs 77,803.49 crore as the potential bank credit for ...

about 75 women executives streamed up the marble staircase of the harold pratt house on park avenue in new york last month to a ...

itnl, the highways subsidiary of il fs, is set to raise $100 million or 630 million reminbi, through a yuan-denominated bond ...

six months ago, directors of kolkata-based amri hospital were part of a closely-knit industrial circle in the city. since the ...

morgan stanley, the financial firm whose shares have declined 45 per cent this year, plans to cut about 1,600 jobs amid an ...

the rupee s recent fall is likely to support the profits of about 70 per cent of the companies rated by rating agency ...

the growth in education loan disbursals has slowed, owing to the high base effect and few students opting for foreign education, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today swung into action to check slide in rupee value against dollar and speculations by imposing ...

the rupee slipped to below 54 for the first time in its history in early trade today against dollar, but staged a smart recovery, ...

amid declining growth and moderating inflation, the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to pause hike in interest rate at the ...

the sharp fall in the rupee since june 30 is expected to increase the repayment costs of foreign currency convertible bonds ...

the rupee continued its free fall against the dollar on wednesday, tracking the euro which fell close to a one-year low in ...

the food inflation falling to a three-year low of 6.60 per cent for the week ended november 26 may prompt the reserve bank of ...

spanish banks borrowings from the european central bank increased by the most in more than a year in november as ...

with inflation at uncomfortable levels, the reserve bank of india (rbi) is unlikely to opt for a rate cut in friday s ...

mumbai s residential societies that have not been able to ink redevelopment deals with builders could now turn to banks for ...

despite headline inflation falling to its lowest level in 12 months, owing to a contraction in factory output, economists said ...

growth in bank deposits continued to outpace the credit disbursal tempo in december, reflecting the economic slowdown and the ...

national investment and manufacturing zones under the new manufacturing policy would create more jobs and help de-risk ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to signal a shift in policy stance from bringing down inflation expectations to ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, today expressed hope it would get capital infusion of rs 3,000-rs 4,000 ...

cost of raising funds via dollar bonds almost equal to domestic cost of fund-raising rupee hits fresh closing low of 53.22 a ...

european banks seeking to meet capital targets by selling contingent convertible bonds may struggle to attract investors after ...

the parliamentary standing committee on finance has suggested instead of bringing piecemeal amendments time to time, the ...

having been granted licence, india factoring is planning to venture in the international factoring in the last ...

nabard on tuesday sanctioned a loan of rs 171 crore for rural infrastructure development fund(ridf) to the government of himachal ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) faces the classical central bank dilemma, with both growth and inflation in uncomfortable ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it will soon allow microfinance institutions to raise funds up to $10 million through ...

state bank of india s non-performing assets (npas) in the farm loans segment rose nearly fourfold to rs 13,545 crore in the first ...

lehman brothers holdings inc., which has approval for a $65 billion bankruptcy liquidation plan, will ask a judge to let it use ...

european banks turning to their governments to raise required capital could trigger a downward spiral of declining sovereign-debt ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today capped commercial banks investments in non financial companies at 10 per cent to ensure ...

slowing growth in home markets, rising cost pressures and a worsening macro-economic environment have prompted global financial ...

the rupee closed at an all-time low of 52.84 a dollar on monday against 52.04 on friday, as dismal iip data and european debt ...

credit card transactions in october were worth rs 8,997.63 crore, up 33.1 per cent from that in the corresponding period last ...

the industrial outlook survey of the reserve bank of india (rbi) has pointed towards further deterioration of business climate in ...

with a sharp drop in the pace of tax collections and a spike in subsidy bills, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said the ...

a bill to increase the paid-up capital of life insurance corporation (lic) of india to rs 100 crore from the current rs 5 crore ...

the finance ministry has flagged the issue of delay in giving clearances by state governments to infrastructure projects ...

bankers in the state requested the state government on monday to invoke the revenue recovery act for the agriculture and allied ...

annual growth in bank advances slowed to 17.7 per cent as on november 30, compared with 21.4 per cent in march.

kerala-based mid-sized listed bank, south indian bank (sib), is aiming at a 50 per cent growth in its fee income in the next two ...

amid dull investment sentiments from industry for 2012, national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has ...

credit card transactions carried out in october were worth rs 8,997.63 crore, up 33.1% from that in the same month last year, ...

experts say the central bank will refrain from using the crr as a liquidity tool, as a reduction in the rate will go against its ...

psu lender central bank of india has shed around rs 5,000 crore of high-cost deposits in the first half to protect its net ...

public sector lender central bank of india has shed around rs 5,000 crore of high cost deposits in the first half of the current ...

the gross premium underwritten by the 20 non-life insurers across all the five segments during the six-month period between april ...

lic housing finance limited (lic hfl), a subsidiary of life insurance corporation, is planning to launch a new fixed loan product ...

bhartiya samruddhi finance, popularly known as basix and the country s oldest known microfinance agency has approached ...

union finance minister pranab mukherjee will meet chief ministers of east zone states, including west bengal and orissa, in ...

the country s foreign exchange reserves increased by $ 2.479 billion for the week ended december 2 after falling for four ...

the total number of insurance policies that lapsed in the public and the private sector rose to 1.40 crore during 2010-11 from ...

over a period time, the non-mfi business is expected to comprise 10 per cent of the company s portfolio and contribute 20 ...

europe s banks would need to raise pound 114.7 billion ($152.7 billion) in fresh capital as part of measures introduced in ...

public sector lender syndicate bank has shortlisted four firms, three domestic insurance companies aviva life, reliance ...

the european central bank (ecb) cut interest rates by a quarter of a point on thursday to counter the twin threats of recession ...

yields on the 10-year benchmark government bonds fell by 45 basis points in less than a month, owing to liquidity infusion by the ...

the dhanlaxmi bank officer s organisation on thursday called off its agitation, reaching a settlement with the management over ...

as part of its strategy to ease the liquidity crunch, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today bought bonds worth rs 9,092.9 crore ...

credit default swaps (cds) are likely to evolve with time and once developed, it would give a boost to the corporate debt market, ...

idbi bank has struck a deal with icici bank to provide credit protection to the country s largest private lender for bonds worth ...

sks microfinance, the only listed microfinance institution (mfi) in the country, has decided to cap its return on assets from ...

microfinance institutions (mfis) would now actively look at diversifying their risk profiles by entering different asset classes, ...

barclays bank is expected to put its india retail assets on the block. the british lender has decided to focus on profitable ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on wednesday said west bengal would not be given any special relaxation for borrowing through the ...

currently, cooperative banks are liable to pay a flat 30 per cent income tax on their earnings. the income tax waiver for ...

even as most microfinance institutions (mfis) have welcomed the reserve bank of india (rbi) s move of bringing them under its ...

citigroup inc chief executive officer vikram pandit will cut about 4,500 jobs in coming quarters as he seeks to reduce costs amid ...

rural electrification corporation (rec) plans to raise $250 million (about rs 1,290 crore) through syndicated loans this ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) recent guidelines on the mfi sector will prove to be a positive and structurally strengthen it ...

the said provision of minimum business requirements is now being extended to all corporate agents engaged with non life ...

the indian rupee fell marginally by 4 paise to rs 51.45 per us dollar in early trade on the interbank foreign exchange today amid ...

the priority of the central bank is to keep the inflation low and stable. certain measures undertaken by the reserve bank of ...

in order to facilitate its corporate customers who have been hit by dollar appreciation and slowdown, public sector bank ...

bank lending to the priority sector grew at a mere 10% in october this year, on an annual basis, on account of lower offtake by ...

the finance ministry and the reserve bank of india (rbi) will review developments on the rupee front at a meeting of the ...

the federal reserve, along with the 17 euro zone national central banks, may help provide the international monetary fund (imf) ...

the priority of the central bank is to keep inflation low and stable, said reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor subir ...

private sector lender indusind bank is in talks with aviva life to acquire a minority stake in the company, said two people privy ...

barely 12 days after sks microfinance founder and chairman vikram akula resigned from the company board in the wake of mounting ...

it may be the final nail in the coffin of small and mid-sized micro-lenders in andhra pradesh. these firms, already battling ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor k c chakrabarty on monday said there was adequate liquidity in the banking system. he ...

liquidity woes continue to haunt bankers, as overnight borrowings from the reserve bank of india (rbi) hover close to rs 1 lakh ...

stringent reserve bank of india (rbi) rules and a clampdown on profits have prompted a number of microfinance institutions (mfis) ...

despite rise in interest rates and deteriorating macroeconomic environment, private sector lender indusind bank has said it is ...

bank of india on saturday said it would have a majority stake of 51 per cent in its proposed asset management joint venture with ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on saturday said it would use all tools available to arrest rupee fall if the currency s ...

in order to reach out unbanked villages with population of more than 2,000 in the northern region, public-sector lender andhra ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) was constantly assessing the liquidity situation, deputy governor h r khan said on friday in ...

foreign exchange reserves hit a seven-month low to $304 billion for the week ended november 25, down $4 billion from the week ...

though the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has just released the norms for initial public offerings (ipos), ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today approved creation of a separate category of non-banking financial companies for the micro ...

public sector lender indian bank has revised its foreign currency non-resident (banking) and non-resident (external) term deposit ...

be prepared to spend more on your automobile insurance covers. the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is set ...

the federal reserve-led global effort to ease borrowing costs for financial firms shows both the central bank s power to ...

royal bank of scotland (rbs) on thursday said the reserve bank of india (rbi) had not rejected its proposal to sell the ...

private sector banks that have branches in the northeast faced criticism from the industry for their alleged reluctance to lend ...

promoters of many small and micro enterprises are borrowing money from banks in their personal capacity to finance business ...

life insurance companies planning to tap the equity market through initial public offerings (ipos) would have to secure a ...

power finance corporation (pfc) would, in mid-december, invite bids to set up a private equity fund. the power sector lender also ...

though the four state-owned general insurance players have been the most vocal critics of the insurance regulatory and ...

continuing its efforts to bring liquidity to the cash-starved system, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today bought rs 5,782.95 ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today came out with guidelines allowing life insurance companies, which ...

british lender rbs india today claimed that the reserve bank of india (rbi) has agreed to clear its proposal to sell commercial ...

rbi today operationalised new guidelines on credit default swap (cds), directing market participants to report such trades within ...

the reserve bank of india is not planning to change the methodology used to arrive at the reference rate of the rupee against the ...

power finance corporation (pfc) may not be able to stick to its fund-raising plan for this financial year. the ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao said inflation would certainly decline by the end of this financial ...

at a time when the government and regulators are emphasizing inclusion and increase in credit delivery to those without access to ...

saudi businessman ghazi abbar, who claims in an affidavit he lost $383 million of his family s fortune on investments with ...

real estate lender adhar housing finance has plans to disburse rs 10 crore under its different loan categories in the state by ...

the critical role in meeting the government s rs 40,000-crore disinvestment target for the current financial year is likely ...

the reserve bank on wednesday directed banks to ensure opening of aadhaar-enabled banks accounts for beneficiaries of the mahatma ...

banks loan growth continues its southward journey, as loan growth on a year-on-year basis fell to 17.67 per cent as on ...

while most sectors of the economy are seeing a sluggish loan demand due to high interest rates, credit card spending seems to ...

non-food credit offtake from banks by major sectors recorded a growth of 18.4% in october this year, suggesting the impact of the ...

mortgage leader hdfc s managing director renu sud karnad today said interest rates have peaked and there is little possibility of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) prefers a stable foreign investment flow to gap the current account deficit, deputy governor hr ...

slow economic activity, delays in project execution and rising interest rates may result in banks credit growing at the ...

the bank has already crossed rs 5,300 crore this fiscal in terms of total business by the end of september, registering growth of ...

the commercial third-party motor pool may be dismantled. this follows four public sector general insurance companies being given ...

defaulters of rs 1 crore and above owe over rs 47,000 crore to banks and financial institutions as on march 31, 2011, parliament ...

m damodaran, former chairman of the securities and exchange board of india, for the bank s meteoric rise in the past five ...

the rupee rose, extending its rebound from a record low reached last week, on speculation an auction of debt-purchase quotas to ...

there is a flip side to the slowing growth the country is seeing. while everyone is worried about the moderating growth, ...

large public sector lenders like bank of baroda, bank of india and canara bank and mid-sized lenders like allahabad bank and ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) restraint on intervention in foreign exchange is credit-positive, as it has avoided depletion ...

chairman of prime minister s economic advisory council c rangarajan on monday said the country s banking sector had a long ...

philanthropy is no longer a mere exercise for ultra high net worth individuals and households to create a family name and ...

credit ratings agency fitch has affirmed that union bank of india continues to have low-default risk as it has the support from ...

bangalore-headquartered public sector lender state bank of mysore (sbm) may downsize its fund raising plan through bonds this ...

the finance ministry has set specific targets on a range of financial parameters that the public sector banks have to achieve ...

credit rating firm fitch has lowered the outlook for private sector lender dhanlaxmi bank to stable from ...

the measures introduced by the reserve bank of india (rbi) to attract dollar flows may not help in the near term, say economists ...

credit rating firm fitch has revised downwards private sector lender dhanlaxmi bank s outlook to stable from positive , citing ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao on friday said inflation must be brought down to five per cent, or below that, to ...

india s foreign exchange reserves dropped $5.7 billion to $308 billion for the week ended november 18, on account of a ...

the reserve bank today deregulated interest rate on savings accounts in urban co-operative banks (ucbs), a move that will fetch ...

l t infrastructure, the infrastructure-financing arm of l t financial holdings, will be looking to raise a total of rs ...

the country s largest lender, the state bank of india (sbi), has decided to abolish pre-payment charges on home loans, ...

the rupee, which declined close to 18 per cent in 2010-11 so far, may be headed further south, owing to further shocks from ...

rising yields and devolvement in bond auctions have become a concern for primary dealerships, which derive major income from ...

vikram akula, once the poster boy of india s microfinance sector, on wednesday stepped down as executive chairman of sks ...

citigroup inc and bank of america corp (bofa) are among lenders that may have to temper plans to raise dividends and buy back ...

the state-run national bank for agriculture rural development (nabard) has sounded an alarm over the state of the ...

the federal reserve sought to bolster confidence in the us banking system as concerns over the european sovereign-debt crisis ...

at a time when the country s life insurance industry is facing a downturn in premium collection, it has earned itself a ...

while south india has been the bastion of mfis, the north is still a tough terrain. but with the microfinance business coming to ...

in a radical move, the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) proposed to open up a bancassurance distribution ...

credit information bureau (india) limited (cibil) will now provide customers their credit reports and scores online. individuals ...

the country s largest bank, state bank of india (sbi), which recently launched an aggressive deposit mobilisation scheme that ...

the rupee rose on thursday, the first time in nine days, after the central bank took steps to boost the supply of dollars in the ...

rbi today revised guidelines on foreign exchange derivative contracts, removing the cap of $100 million net limit by a bank on ...

the government today said the reserve bank of india (rbi) has decided to reduce the validity of cheques and bank drafts from the ...

the rbi has directed cooperative banks not to make payments on cheques and other financial instruments that are over three months ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has allowed foreign investors to invest in debt instruments floated by infrastructure debt funds ...

indian corporate bodies that tapped foreign funds to take advantage of cheaper loans may now have to shell out additional funds ...

the world bank said china is heading for a soft landing of growth in excess of eight per cent next year, and with most asian ...

the company which is an equal joint venture between kolkatta based srei group and french financial major bnp paribas, has rs ...

comes off intra-day low of 52.73 to close at 52.32 as central bank firefights volatility.

the shortfall in mf global inc s us segregated customer accounts may exceed $1.2 billion, more than double what was ...

new premium collection of the life insurance industry may improve in the october-march period, says the life insurance council, ...

infrastructure development finance company (idfc) today said it is looking at just about 15% growth in loan disbursements in ...

the rupee, which has lost 18 per cent against the dollar in the last three months, could be headed for fresh lows, at least in ...

despite its growing challenges, banking sector, especially the private players are some of the best choices for career, concluded ...

at a time when the investment cycle has slowed globally, mumbai-based infrastructure development finance company (idfc) said it ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday issued guidelines to allow banks and non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) to sponsor ...

the finance ministry on monday said the ability of the reserve bank to intervene in the forex market to arrest the fall in rupee ...

after a 2.5 per cent loss against the greenback last week, its worst fall in eight weeks, the rupee seems headed for its all-time ...

higher participation from foreign investors and bond purchase by the reserve bank of india (rbi) are expected to soothe rising ...

state-run lender bank of india has decided to advance its proposed re-entry into the mutual fund business by a few months to ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee on saturday said the government will provide adequate capital to the state-owned banks during ...

nervous investors around the globe are accelerating their exit from the debt of european governments and banks, increasing the ...

the euro had its biggest loss versus the yen, since september, as european borrowing costs at almost euro-era records sapped ...

yields on government bonds ended, as the reserve bank of india (rbi) devolved on friday the auction of the new ten-year paper on ...

the reserve bank of india s top brass began a two-day brainstorming session in goa today amid global uncertainties flowing ...

sbi capital markets will prepare a viability report on debt-ridden kingfisher airlines to present it to a consortium of banks, ...

sks microfinance, the only listed micro-lender in the country, said on friday some of its existing investors were willing to put ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will again intervene to check any further depreciation of rupee, if required, the finance ...

the rupee continued its southward journey as it fell 42 paise on friday against the dollar as foreign investors continued to pull ...

we have already roped in 10 distributors and 550 channel partners (franchisees) in hyderabad. our idea is to cover the ...

in view of the stable market scenario at present and sound economic conditions, lic (life insurance corporation) has planned to ...

caspian advisors-backed sahayata microfinance pvt ltd has suspended the brass, including its chief executive, on charges of ...

rbi s technical advisory committee (tac) on monetary policy had advised the reserve bank of india (rbi) to take a pause in ...

the finance ministry on thursday decided to increase the investment limit for foreign institutional investors (fiis) in ...

the rbi went ahead with 0.25 percentage point hike in key policy rate, despite majority of external experts advising the central ...

with a view to liberalising the export-import procedures, rbi today decided to delegate to authorised banks the power of ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor subir gokarn today said the rbi will not relax the quantum of deposits banks have to ...

the reserve bank today directed banks to exercise caution with respect to online forex trading by indian residents where margin ...

the reserve or provisioning requirement for the third-party commercial motor portfolio of general insurance companies might be ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on wednesday said the government should do away with subsidised farm loans, as the proposition ...

regional rural banks (rrbs), state co-operative banks (scbs) and district central co-operative banks (dccbs) would be penalised ...

union finance minister pranab mukherjee on wednesday said it would be tough to achieve the fiscal deficit target for 2011-12, but ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on wednesday said it would buy rs 10,000 crore of government bonds next week. it said the step ...

banks advances grew 18.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, as on november 4, marginally recovering compared to last week, when ...

insurance agents with more than five years of experience are in for a pleasant surprise. in a move that could provide additional ...

the all india bank employees association has threatened a strike if banks proceeded with a bailout proposal for ...

decks have been cleared for acting chairman d k mehrotra to become the regular chairman of life insurance corporation, as the ...

the state bank of india (sbi) was adjudged as the most preferred bank of north east at the second northeast consumer awards, ...

global financial services major merrill lynch, which is a unit of bank of america, has offered for sale two of its office ...

ubs ag, switzerland s biggest bank, said its board of directors confirmed sergio ermotti as chief executive officer, less ...

bank of america corp (bofa) plans to bolster capital by divesting most of its stake in china construction bank corp, locking in ...

reflecting the adverse effect of global economic uncertainty, india s services exports dipped in september to $11.2 billion ...

future generali india is hoping to collect up to rs 700 crore in new premiums in the life insurance business for the current year ...

growth in the real sector must drive the financial sector, and not vice-versa, reserve bank of india governor, d subbarao, said ...

hdfc bank today surpassed state bank of india (sbi) to become the country s most valued lender with a market capitalisation of rs ...

the power ministry has asked the ministry of environment and forests to fast-track the process for grant of green clearance to ...

barring few nationalised banks and one regional rural bank, major banks in haryana, including private sector and cooperative ...

considering the multi-national presence of large financial institutions and their role in the current global economic ...

the government should desist from trying to salvage ailing private companies, says a top asian development bank official. ...

pensioners may soon feel more welcome at public sector bank counters, as the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked public sector ...

the decline in industrial output in september and the marginal rise in inflation in october would not affect the reserve bank of ...

with high interest rates leading to a rise in slippages, the central bank on monday said steps taken by banks to recover bad ...

being at centre of the economy, banks must ensure effective corporate governance to avoid the spread of failures to the financial ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has pointed out banks disproportionate growth in loans to the commercial real estate ...

indian banks need to partner microfinance companies and other non-banking institutions to expand the reach of financial services ...

yields on government bonds are expected to trade at elevated levels unless the central bank announces measures to facilitate a ...

even as lic housing finance has reported a rise of 37 per cent in its total income for the second quarter of this financial year, ...

following a steep rise in bad assets in the past two quarters, public sector banks say they are devising ways to ramp up recovery ...

the total value of transactions carried out using cheques across the country amounted to rs 7.64 lakh crore in september, 2011, ...

bad loans of the listed banks in the country soared by 33.46% to over rs 1 lakh crore during the second quarter of this fiscal ...

with fears of slowdown rising high and the cause being attributed to the conventional policies of the reserve bank of india ...

banks faced a liquidity shortage on friday, borrowing heavily from the repo window of the reserve bank of india. they borrowed rs ...

banks loan growth fell below 18 per cent on a year-on-year basis for the first time in this financial year, with demand ...

the reserve bank on friday cancelled the licence of solapur-based nagari audyogik sahakari bank niyamit due to financial ...

the bank s revised base rate will now be 10.50% and the bplr will be 15.25% a year, sbbj said in a filing to the bombay stock ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today allowed regional rural banks (rrbs) to collect account pay drafts, pay orders for crediting ...

credit card transactions carried out in september were worth rs 7,693.81 crore, up 31.5% from that in the same month last year.

with increased concerns on asset quality amid high lending rates, banks are opting to invest in commercial paper (cp) issued by ...

almost a year after launching its rs 1,000-crore domestic fund, icici venture, one of the largest private equity firms in the ...

ubs ag s head of operations (india), manisha girotra has resigned from the bank to pursue her own business venture. the ...

banks have started reducing the sale of bad loans to asset reconstruction companies, despite a rise in non-performing assets in ...

small industries development bank of india (sidbi) has expressed concern over possible rise in non performing assets (npa) in ...

with a view to avoid inconvenience to taxpayers, a total of 926 branches of public and private sector banks in the mumbai and ...

non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) have seen a significant improvement in handling of assets, even in the high interest-rate ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, reported a net profit of rs 2,810 crore for the quarter ended september ...

the board of directors of power finance corporation ltd (pfc) has given an approval to a proposal to launch private equity fund ...

hedges that offset those risks result in a net funded exposure of $700 million, the new york-based company said in a quarterly ...

doing so on group health cover to include parents has its pluses, but not always. for long term, individual covers should be ...

power sector lender power finance corporation (pfc) on wednesday said it had approved a proposal to launch a $1-billion private ...

the government borrowed around 56 per cent of the notified issue size under cash management bills, as traders demanded higher ...

after mopping rs 3,800 crore by selling domestic rupee bonds last week, rural electrification corporation (rec) now plans to ...

spanish retail lender caixa bank today opened a representative office here to provide financial support to its spanish clients ...

shares of sks microfinance lost about 10 per cent during intra-day trading on tuesday, a day after the andhra pradesh-based ...

initially reluctant to waive the prepayment penalty on floating rate retail loans, banks have now started to fall in line with ...

state-run bank of india, posted a 20 per cent year-on-year decline in net profit for the second quarter this financial year, on ...

only a little over a week ago, a handful of private banks had increased the interest rate on savings deposits. however, these ...

a notification on initial public offering (ipo) norms for insurance companies is expected anytime soon, as the securities and ...

the national housing bank (nhb) will set up a loan guarantee fund of rs 1,200 crore for the urban poor. the broad contours of ...

reserve bank today said it does not intend to interfere with the exchange rate and its monetary policy stance in the coming ...

attributing rising bad loans to business cycle, the reserve bank today said that non-performing assets (npas) are not posing any ...

in a bid to allay fears of inflation and economic crisis, the finance minister pranab mukherjee on monday said that the indian ...

the union government has removed a condition that required at least two out of four international merchant banks to manage an ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor k c chakrabarty came down heavily on banks for lack of governance and opaque ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) would approach the issue of increasing foreign institutional investment limit in government bonds ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on sunday said cheques presented after three months from the date of issue would not be accepted ...

india s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), will need rs 30,000 crore-40,000 crore over the next three years to ...

reserve bank of india appears to favour long-term loan products on fixed interest rates, believing it will help banks reduce ...

the country s largest commercial bank closed the april-june quarter with a capital adequacy ratio of 11.6 per cent and ...

lic housing finance sanctioned over rs 100 crore toward home loans during a three-day property exhibition that concluded in the ...

the details of loan and other settlements entered by banks through a compromise with defaulting parties should be disclosed as it ...

the officers union of state bank of india (sbi) has called off a two-day nation-wide strike that was to begin on november 8 ...

bank lending to the priority sector grew at a lower rate of 11.1% in september, against that in same month last year, on account ...

india s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), will need rs 30,000 crore to rs 40,000 crore over the next three years ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may start easing the tight monetary policy as early as from december, as inflation changes its ...

customers of the state bank of india may have to face a lack of branch services for five days beginning sunday, as talks between ...

india s foreign exchange reserves rose by $2 billion to $320 billion for the week ended october 28, on account of ...

bond yields hardened on friday, as the government issued new security with 10-year maturity, amid fears of rising inflation that ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has penalised two gujarat-based cooperative banks for violation of instructions on know your ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned a credit of rs 42.12 crore to karnataka state ...

reserve bank of india will have a calibrated approach regarding increasing foreign institutional investment limit in government ...

the deputy governor of reserve bank of india, k c chakrabarty, on friday came down heavily on banks for lack of governance and ...

indian banks would require additional rs 8 lakh crore to meet the minimum capital adequacy under basel iii norms, ratings agency ...

aiming to expanding its leasing business in the country, ge capital india is in talks with at least 100 companies and ...

sks microfinance passed a resolution yesterday enabling it to raise rs 900 crore, but it may find the going tough. the main ...

muthoot finance ltd, india s largest gold loan company, has chalked out a mega plan to strengthen its presence in north ...

the last couple of years have been nerve-racking for sudeep neogie (name changed on request), who runs a restaurant, a travel ...

deposit growth moderated, as banks paid off high-cost bulk money to lower the cost of deposits and maintain margins in the coming ...

seven months after debuting in india, warren buffett s berkshire insurance is now spreading its wings in the country. the company ...

commercial banks are getting tougher with real estate developers, asking for supporting documents in advance and increasing ...

italian banks are also looking at opportunities to establish their offices in india, said pierfrancesco gaggi, director of ...

tata capital, a non-banking finance company floated by tata group, has reported a 61 per cent increase in net profit to rs 71.3 ...

with a dip in the demand for fresh loans due to sharp rise in interest rates and increased prepayments, growth in the mortgage ...

the reserve bank of india on wednesday said banks may offer structured derivative products to customers for hedging risk. these ...

public sector banks are busy deputing manpower to under-staffed debt recovery tribunals (drts), after the finance ministry asked ...

the karnataka vikas grameena bank (kvgb) has started recovery counselling centers across all its regional offices ...

limited branch networks are unlikely to persuade foreign banks in india to increase the interest rate on savings deposits ...

canara bank, the bangalore-based public sector lender, plans to raise a business of rs 125 crore from financial inclusion ...

even as leading banks set their eyes on india s largest public sector lender, state bank of india (sbi), for a cue on ...

state-run indian bank reported a 12.7 per cent increase in its net profit to rs 469 crore for the second quarter ended september ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh), an associate bank of sbi, reported a 12.27 per cent decrease in net profit to rs 232.04 crore for ...

state-run lender, central bank of india posted a decline in net profit due to higher provisioning made on bad loans in the ...

punjab national bank (pnb) on tuesday reported 12.1 per cent rise in its net profit to rs 1,205 crore for the second quarter ...

bond yields jumped close to the nine per cent mark during intraday trade, as traders sold the current 10-year benchmark bond on ...

state-run indian overseas bank is expecting a capital infusion of up to rs 1,450 crore from the government by february 2012, a ...

edelweiss tokio life insurance company limited, the new age life insurance entrant has launched three wealth accumulation plans, ...

public sector dena bank aims to achieve rs 1.5 lakh crore business with a growth of 20% during this fiscal, according to a top ...

the country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today said the finance ministry has given an assurance that the bank would ...

amid rising concerns about funding for the power sector, public sector lender punjab national bank (pnb) has started ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, today ruled out any immediate hike in savings deposit rates, even as ...

cholamandalam investment and finance company limited reported profit before tax of rs 67.38 crore during the second quarter of ...

bangalore-based vijaya bank has recorded a 28.92 per cent growth in total business at rs 132,106 crore for the second ...

bangalore-based public sector lender canara bank has registered a year-on-year growth of 24.8 per cent in its global business at ...

the tussle between promoters and private equity investors in companies such as of lilliput kidswear and ks oils have dug up again ...

asharp rise in provisioning for bad loans lowered the net profits of public sector banks in the second quarter of this financial ...

indian life insurers recorded a 21.35 per cent drop in premium collection during the first six months of the current financial ...

icici bank, the country s largest private sector lender, on monday said its consolidated net profit for the quarter ended ...

public sector insurer life insurance corporation (lic) aims at deeper penetration of its low cost insurance schemes in uttar ...

mf global holdings ltd, the holding company for the broker-dealer run by former new jersey governor and goldman sachs group inc ...

private sector lender indusind bank has hiked interest rates on savings accounts by up to 200 basis points, offering clients a ...

however, total income of the lender rose to rs 8,442.73 crore during the quarter from rs 6,077.06 crore in the same period last ...

private sector general insurer hdfc ergo is likely to see a capital infusion of around rs 80 crore in the next one-and-a-half ...

indian overseas bank (iob) has planned a major global expansion initiative. the government-owned bank, with its head office in ...

indian overseas bank (iob) posted a marginal increase in net profit for the quarter ended september 30, 2011 to rs 207.46 crore ...

indian overseas bank (iob) has posted an increase of 0.64 per cent in net profit for the quarter ended september 30 at rs 207.46 ...

with mobile banking steadily gaining pace, the service providers are gearing up to make the most out of it. obopay, a mobile ...

india s foreign exchange reserves rose by $858 million to $ 318.35 billion in the week ended october 21, mostly on ...

despite the uncertain economic environment globally, foreign direct investment (fdi) in india surged 50 per cent to $20.76 ...

the rupee completed its best week since 2009, gaining 2.6 per cent against the dollar in the wake of the debt deal agreement ...

as part of its green initiative, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today asked all non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) to ...

moving in line with the equity markets, the rupee rallied 75 paise to 48.75 against the american currency in the early trade on ...

muthoot finance ltd (mfl) registered a growth of 88 per cent in its net profit at rs 215 crore in the quarter ended september 30 ...

the finance ministry is likely to take a call on capital infusion in public sector banks, including the country s largest lender, ...

the finance ministry today said it is likely to approve capital infusion into psu banks, including state bank of india (sbi), by ...

as the finance ministry seeks to assert itself in the affairs of uti asset management, the company s foreign partner might ...

as a step to maintain the momentum of credit growth during the ongoing economic slowdown, state bank of bikaner jaipur ...

fears of banks earnings plummeting in a deregulated savings deposit rate regime appear to have gripped investors, with ...

those with aadhar numbers issued by the unique identification authority of india (uidai) would soon be able to ...

public sector banks (psbs) may soon introduce a system of succession planning for critical and leadership positions. this will be ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee on tuesday admitted the reserve bank of india s (rbi) latest round of rate increase would ...

the last bastion of administered rates was removed on tuesday, with the reserve bank of india (rbi) deciding to deregulate ...

banks are pushing back against european leaders on the size of losses they are ready to accept on greek bonds as officials ...

the uk border agency (ukba), which controls immigrations into the country under the home office, on tuesday issued a long list of ...

bank of maharashtra has posted 92 per cent growth in its net profit at rs 100.42 crore for the second quarter ended september 30 ...

despite falling margins, private sector lender kotak mahindra bank has reported a 19 per cent increase in consolidated net profit ...

gruh finance ltd (gruh) a subsidiary of hdfc ltd has registered an increase of 28 per cent in the company s net profits ...

private insurer indiafirst life insurance on tuesday launched money balance plan that offers life insurance cover an additional ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said banks would have to be recapitalised to help them achieve basel iii capital adequacy ...

within hours of the reserve bank of india (rbi) deregulating savings rate, private lender yes bank today hiked its saving rate by ...

borrowers wanting to prepay home loans can look forward to some relief as the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it would ...

ending the era of controlled interest rate regime, the reserve bank today freed savings bank deposit rates, a step which bankers ...

pointing to tough times for the country s external sector, the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday said risks to current ...

banks borrowed heavily from the reserve bank of india (rbi), anticipating a rate rise, a day ahead of the half-yearly monetary ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday said credit expansion of indian banks would further moderate as growth and inflation ...

the softening investment demand and the decline in planned investments by companies may lead to shrinkage in the investment ...

europe s biggest investment banks, caught between worsening earnings prospects and demands for more capital, may have little ...

india inc s business confidence has been withering gradually and its business expectations have plummeted, according to ...

given indications that the government s deficit target for 2011-12 would be breached, the process of fiscal consolidation ...

to give a boost to the housing sector, the government may increase tomorrow the home loan cap for availing 1% interest subsidy to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said global economic uncertainties and weakening industrial output on domestic front are ...

with inflation remaining high, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today indicated that it may go for another round of interest rate ...

high inflation and elevated government market borrowing is expected to keep up the pressure on bond yield ahead of the reserve ...

faced with double-digit inflation, the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to raise its policy rate again in its half-yearly ...

public sector lender idbi bank plans to raise around $200 million from the switzerland market under its medium-term foreign debt ...

concerned over the unusual steep fall in sbi s profit for the march quarter after a change of guard at the helm, the finance ...

on the occasion of dhanteras, an auspicious day for buying gold, the country s two leading bourses nse and bse will conduct ...

the total value of transactions carried out through cheques across the country in august 2011 amounted to rs 7.43 lakh crore, ...

manipal-based public sector lender syndicate bank on saturday reported a 36 per cent rise in net profit to rs 323 crore for the ...

axis bank on saturday said it aims to complete integration of enam securities business in the fourth quarter (january-march) of ...

private sector lender axis bank on saturday reported 25 per cent growth in net profit to rs 920 crore for the quarter ended ...

the board of directors of uti asset management, the country s oldest fund house, may be restructured with some independent ...

the rupee on friday breached the 50 a dollar mark after two and a half years as traders sought shelter in the safe haven currency ...

the state bank of india (sbi) would decide on its overseas fund-raising programme next month, its managing director for ...

fearing credit turning bad assets in the wake of high interest rates, a number of state-run banks, led by state bank of india ...

india s forex reserves shot up by a staggering $5.269 billion to $317.5 billion on the back of jump in foreign currency assets ...

public sector lender idbi bank is in talks with various financial institutions, including other state-owned banks, to float an ...

credit rating agency fitch today affirmed rating on hsbc india s rs 5,000 crore certificates of deposit (cod) programme with a ...

state bank of india, the country s largest lender, which was recently downgraded by ratings agency moody s, will decide on an ...

markets have already factored in another 25-basis point rise in the repo rate by the reserve bank of india (rbi). according to a ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has a tough task ahead on october 25, when it announces its monetary policy for the second half ...

the ghost of commercial third-party motor pool losses is back to haunt general insurance companies. based on an independent ...

the transition from class banking to mass banking due to financial inclusion and increased customer focus is drastically changing ...

dhanlaxmi bank on thursday said its net profit for the quarter ended september 30 surged 168 per cent to rs 4.35 crore from rs ...

idbi bank has posted a 20.23 per cent increase in net profit at rs 516 crore, for second quarter ended september, due to lower ...

a day after the government indicated that it would inject capital into state bank of india, its managing director and chief ...

yes bank, the youngest private sector lender in the country, on thursday said its net profit for the quarter ended september 30 ...

the national housings bank s (nhb) latest circular waiving penalty on full home loan prepayment may give housing finance ...

punjab national bank, the country s second-largest public lender, today said it had completed formalities to acquire 30% stake in ...

the reserve bank of india is likely to go in for another round of rate hike of 25 basis points (bps) when it meets on tuesday, ...

the total income of the company rose to rs 1,776.89 crore during the quarter, from rs 1,372.91 crore in the same period last ...

the total income rose to rs 6,291.4 crore from rs 4,044 crore in the corresponding period last fiscal, idbi bank said in a filing ...

national housing bank (nhb) has asked the housing finance companies (hfcs) not to levy penalty on pre-closure of floating rate ...

after consultations with the government, the reserve bank of india has suggested the cap on foreign institutional investment ...

the inclusive nature of india s growth, responsible for enhancing consumer spending power, may be the primary reason behind ...

healthy retail loan growth, lower provisions on the back of improving asset quality and an increase in non-interest income aided ...

the festive season has failed to cheer banks, with the growth in loans showing no signs of picking up, amid high interest rates. ...

i, 65, want to buy a life insurance policy because i have a six year-old grandson to look after. my son and daughter-in-law are ...

bank of england (boe) governor mervyn king has called for a fresh look at re-balancing between surplus and ...

europe s economic roller-coaster ride continued with moody s downgrading spain s credit rating by two notches ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to come out with guidelines on allowing new private banks by november end, financial ...

public sector lender bank of india (boi), which currently derives 19 per cent of its business from international operations ...

banks in andhra pradesh are expected to complete the appointment of business correspondents to over 6,000 villages with a ...

the finance ministry on tuesday ruled out a rights issue for the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi) in ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) could continue its monetary tightening measures by 25 basis points at least a couple of times ...

with inflation staying above nine per cent levels since december 2010, reserve bank of india s (rbi) aggressive rate rises ...

the government has asked public sector banks to concentrate on core banking activities and delay their the plans of ...

until portability was allowed for health insurance, customers were wary of shifting to a new insurer, even if they were ...

the bank had recorded a net profit of rs 133.15 crore in the corresponding quarter last fiscal, indusind bank said in a filing to ...

bangalore-based foreign lender, ing vysya bank, reported a 53.3 per cent rise in net profit at rs 115.4 crore for the quarter ...

following a high interest rate regime and moderating economic growth, the fresh and incremental funding dipped 8 per cent to rs ...

credit quality at higher education institutes in india is under pressure, according to a sector note by icra. the higher ...

citigroup inc, the third-biggest us bank, said profit rose 74 per cent, beating analysts estimates as a $1.9 billion ...

rural electrification corporation (rec) plans to raise rs 1,000 crore by issuing tax-saving infrastructure bonds in the current ...

with government bond yields trading close to three-year high levels, investors can expect attractive coupon rates on tax-saving ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) has withdrawn a major irritant for life insurance companies wanting to hit the ...

as part of its expansion plans, edelweiss tokio life insurance company ltd (etlicl) is planning to open 33 new branches at select ...

esaf microfinance, kerala s largest microfinance institution with 450,000 clients, has received funding support of rs 45 crore ...

the bangalore-based private sector lender ing vysya bank today reported 53% rise in net profit at rs 115.4 crore in the ...

the export-import bank of india (exim bank) has entered into an agreement with senegal for extending a $27.5 million soft loan to ...

the rupee is expected to benefit as traders move out of safe-haven investments on the hope that the group of 20 (g20) finance ...

with rising interest and input costs and project delays hurting companies, lenders are expected to restructure loans amounting to ...

european central bank president jean-claude trichet said the european union s treaty should be changed to prevent one ...

expressing the government s commitment to recapitalisation of state bank of india (sbi), finance minister pranab mukherjee today ...

public and private sector banks experienced an average growth rate of 10% in earnings in the second quarter this fiscal due to a ...

microfinance institutions operating in andhra pradesh have stopped making fresh loans due to their mounting non-performing ...

the investors interest seems to be growing fast in gold etfs, as the average daily value of their trade on the national stock ...

in a bid to increase the penetration of banking services, the finance ministry has favoured setting up of white-level atms in the ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) has embarked on a restructuring drive for the various advisory panels that help ...

uti asset management, india s oldest fund house, saw its profit after tax (pat) decline 19 per cent to rs 137.5 crore in ...

state-owned idbi bank today said it plans to open about 250 branches across the country and a branch in singapore over the next ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) wants all pension products to do exactly what they are expected to do ...

the government s bond auction devolved on friday on expectations of a further increase in the borrowing plan, dealers said. ...

a day after rbi governor d subbarao dashed hopes of a pause on hiking rates, his deputy k c chakrabarty hinted at continuation of ...

after sliding for two consecutive weeks, the country s foreign exchange reserves rose by $749 million to $312.231 billion, the ...

ahead of the credit policy review meeting of the reserve bank later this month, the international monetary fund (imf) has ...

ahead of its monetary policy review later this month, the reserve bank today said interest rates will have to move in tandem with ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has opposed the creation of a $20-billion sovereign wealth fund, for acquisition of energy assets ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday said it has launched its industrial outlook survey for the october-december 2011 ...

an edgy bond market on thursday drew some comfort from reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao s sensitivity ...

the cabinet on thursday cleared two amendment bills paving the way for banks to recover loans from errant borrowers. the move ...

with bond yields trading high, owing to supply concerns, market participants expect the reserve bank of india (rbi) to help ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has opposed the creation of a $20 billion sovereign wealth fund, for acquisition of energy assets ...

sunil mehra, the renowned investment banker, is set to start his new stint at mape advisory group as managing director-i banking. ...

the max healthcare-life healthcare deal, which saw the new delhi-based hospital chain being valued multiple times its revenues, ...

life healthcare group, the third-largest private hospitals group in south africa, has snapped up a 26 per cent stake in new ...

with insurers now listing old ailments as permanent exclusions, it may be better to stay with existing insurers group insurance ...

export-import (exim) bank of india, the apex financial institution fully owned by the government of india, will be releasing a ...

bajaj finance limited, a non-banking financial company (nbfc), is set enter the credit card business by launching a co-branded ...

l t insurance is set to infuse rs 500 crore as capital during the next three years of operation. the general insurance arm of ...

ahead of the second quarter review of monetary policy on october 25, the reserve bank of india (rbi) indicated it may not lower ...

a tax-free bond housing and urban development corporation (hudco) issued a fortnight ago has elicited poor response, prompting ...

the thane janata sahakari bank limited (tjsb) plans to expand its existing network of 55 branches to 68 branches by the end of ...

state bank of india is likely to defer its overseas fund-raising plans on account of unattractive yields and moderation in ...

rating agency fitch has downgraded asset reconstruction company india ltd s (arcil) national long-term rating to a ...

in a bid to revive the maharashtra state co-operative bank ltd (msc), whose board of directors were dismissed by the reserve bank ...

maharashtra state cooperative bank (mscb), whose board of directors was dissolved five months ago, is expected to miss the ...

the reserve bank of india s decision to automate the process of filing regulatory reports appears to have opened a door of ...

with credit growth still muted, banks heavily investing in government securities are now staring at rising marked-to-market ...

home loan borrowers, already reeling under the persistently high inflation, should brace up to shoulder additional financial ...

kerala-based dhanlaxmi bank s stocks tanked on tuesday on allegations that the bank had resorted to window dressing and ...

finance ministry is likely to seek parliament s nod for an additional rs 10,000-12,000 crore to recapitalise about half a dozen ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today announced 2% interest subsidy on rupee export credit to the labour-oriented and small scale ...

given the rising interest rates, slower investments and the domestic slowdown, loan growth, along with quality of assets, for ...

the target inflation rate for monetary policy operations should be set below the threshold inflation level to provide supportive ...

transactions carried out using credit cards in august were worth rs 8,078.98 crore, 29.1% more than that in the same month last ...

a sharp fall in the value of the rupee since august is expected to increase the repayment costs of the foreign currency ...

industry body assocham has opposed the government s classification of non-performing assets (npas) belonging to non-banking ...

yields on government securities are expected to inch up further on higher-than-planned supply in the second half of the current ...

listen to the economic debates of the past couple of years, and it s tempting to conclude that no progress has been made in ...

all villages with a population of 2,000 and above in himachal pradesh will have banks by march next year , a top reserve bank of ...

downplaying moody s decision to downgrade rating of state bank of india, a senior finance ministry official said the government ...

as many as 8 cooperative banks failed in this fiscal so far, resulting in credit insurance company dicgc paying a little over rs ...

dena bank on saturday announced a 25-basis-point reduction for floating home loans and car loans schemes. the offer would be ...

the sharp fall in the value of the rupee against the dollar in the last one month has left policymakers worried, even as the ...

two months ago, standard poor s downgraded the bond rating of the united states government. so far, at least, the move has ...

spain had its credit rating cut two levels by fitch ratings, which cited the intensification of the euro crisis, ...

european banks are planning to sell more than euro 30 billion ($40 billion) of assets as the debt crisis increases the need to ...

nine portuguese banks had their debt ratings cut by moody s investors service by one or two levels, which cited concern ...

moody s investors service downgrades 12 uk banks even as the central bank pumps in another 75 billion with warning ...

international finance corporation (ifc) plans to float a $500-million trade finance facility for small and medium enterprises ...

the impasse over the top job at the country s largest life insurer, life insurance corporation (lic) of india, is set to end next ...

the national housing bank (nhb), regulator in the realty finance sector, is expected to take a decision soon on whether or not ...

after staying benign for first few days of the month, rates on short-term debt instruments inched up today. the rates are now ...

hdfc standard life has justified that it had delayed its settlement due to non co-operation of the claimants. the insurance ...

the european central bank (ecb) resisted calls to cut interest rates at president jean-claude trichet s final policy ...

the euro zone s services sector shrank for the first time in two years last month as new orders dried up, stoking fears ...

for the first time since the start of this financial year, liquidity in the banking system has turned to surplus mode, as banks ...

bank deposits grew, owing to high interest rates, while growth in bank advances slowed in the first half of the current financial ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has provided an impetus to financial inclusion by liberalising money transfer across the country. ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, is gearing up to improve efficiency and asset quality to make good its ...

moody s investors service followed its three-level downgrade of italy by warning that euro area nations rated below the top ...

europe s fiscal cauldron continued to bubble over on wednesday, with no respite in sight from credit rating downgrades and ...

japan s three biggest banks received a combined $43 billion credit line from the government to help finance domestic ...

iowa native justin bruch marvelled at the opportunity when morgan stanley called in late 2007 to recruit him for an unusual ...

state bank of india s (sbi) credit rating downgrade by moody s could have far reaching implications on the indian banking system ...

with a view to facilitating fund transfers to people, particularly migrants, who do not have bank accounts, the reserve bank of ...

the state bank of india chairman pratip chaudhuri today said its rating downgrade by moody s underlines the urgency for ...

following its financial rating downgrade by moody s, raising funds will turn costlier for state bank of india (sbi), in an ...

dexia sa, belgium s biggest bank by assets, tumbled the most ever in brussels trading after its board asked ceo pierre mariani to ...

low profits and moderate demand are likely to hit india inc s credit quality in the coming months. according to credit ...

india inc raised $3.7 billion through external commercial borrowings (ecbs) in the month of august. the borrowings fell by $500 ...

indian insurance companies would spend $1.8 billion on information technology (it) products and services in 2012, an increase of ...

bankers continue to fret over the quality of assets, as the reserve bank of india (rbi) gears up to review the monetary and ...

hsbc holdings plc , the european bank seeking buyers for its non-life insurance assets, will consider selling regional units of ...

the european debt problems that have roiled global financial markets for the last 18 months are showing signs of turning into a ...

the revised rate for nre term deposits for periods from 1 year to less than 2 years will be 2.61 per cent, for 2 years to less ...

fearing a deterioration in asset quality and to fire up credit demand, top bankers today appealed to the reserve bank of india ...

tightening regulatory norms, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today asked chief executive officers of all the foreign banks to ...

after getting the approval of raising up to rs 30,000 crore through issuance of tax-free bonds this financial year, ...

for 2012-13, it has estimated india s gross domestic product (gdp) growth at eight per cent, down from previous estimate of 8.2 ...

repco home finance ltd, a housing finance company promoted by the repatriates co-operative finance and development bank ltd ...

the collection of equated monthly installment (emi) on heavy commercial vehicles financed by various leasing companies in the ...

even though the government has shifted from bonds to cash in compensating the losses of oil marketers, the oil companies will ...

kerala s major commercial centre of ernakulam has recorded a four percent fall in the loan portfolio of commercial banks during ...

the us has said it would take up the issue of pending requests for information from india regarding cyber cases with various ...

all branches of state bank of india (sbi) in orissa remained open on sunday to make up for the loss transaction on saturday due ...

pallavan grama bank, a regional rural bank (rrb) sponsored by indian bank, has started a pilot project on a mobile-enabled kisan ...

twenty-one people were arrested as about 3,000 demonstrators converged on a bank of america corp office building in downtown ...

yields on 10-year benchmark government bonds have hardened by 50 basis points in the first half of this financial year, on ...

two actuaries, a apparao and hemamalini radhakrishnan, have been short-listed by the search committee appointed by the insurance ...

the cash-starved microfinance sector will be severely hit by if the new draft guidelines issued by the reserve bank of india on ...

the government plans a whopping rs 2 lakh crore capital infusion into the state-owned banks spread over 10 years, to help them ...

health insurance consumers will be able to change their service providers from monday, as the insurers are finally ready with the ...

treasuries advanced in the third quarter the most since the depths of the financial crisis in 2008, as europe s ...

just bought a new mercedes benz or bmw remember, the first thing you might have to replace is the logo, or the side mirror. ...

denmark s central bank said it will provide as much as 400 billion kroner ($72.6 billion) as part of an extended collateral ...

the claims were related to the charges, finances and disputed transactions, m sebastian, banking ombudsman (ap), ...

a surge in the yields on government securities in the last two working days of the current quarter will mean that the banks will ...

banks advances in the sectors like non-banking financial companies (nbfcs), industry, personal loans and services continues to ...

policymakers have lost control of the economic crisis and financial markets are forcing the world into a depression, george soros ...

indian banks are knocking the regulator s doors, seeking approval to open branches in dhaka, the capital of bangladesh, as they ...

banks have decided to appoint non-executive chairmen in microfinance institutions that have opted for debt restructuring, to ...

the finance ministry is contemplating a holding company structure for public sector banks. this will help the banks raise capital ...

state bank of travancore (sbt) has fully covered the villages alloted to it under the finanacial inclusion project. the bank had ...

various banks have taken control of hyderabad-based microfinance firm trident microfin by acquiring a majority stake in the firm, ...

state-owned bank of maharashtra (bom) today increased its lending rates by up to 25 basis points (bps), making all kinds of loans ...

private sector banks are set to get some relief from the reserve bank of india (rbi) on promoters stake. the regulator had ...

deutsche bank plans to nearly double its mortgage book in india to rs 3,000 crore by the end of next year. the move is in line ...

the figures tell it all. banks in madhya pradesh take education loan very lightly the 47 of them operating in the central indian ...

premium collection of the life insurance industry in india continued to decline in august. during the april-august period, the ...

volatile markets and poor investor confidence have made indian banks defer raising funds from foreign markets through medium-term ...

the federal reserve, chastised by congress for lending money to foreign institutions such as the central bank of libya, is once ...

kkr co, the us buyout firm co- founded by henry kravis, is among firms weighing a bid for axa sa s private equity ...

vivek mehra, managing director, private equity and investment banking at yes bank, quit early this month. he mehra has joined as ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has said the growth target of nine per cent envisaged for the 12th five-year plan can be achieved ...

royal bank of scotland s (rbs) efforts to sell its retail and commercial banking businesses in india to hongkong and ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi), which has maintained a tight monetary stance to combat inflation, said domestic inflation ...

short-term rates rose last week, as banks push loan growth to shore up their balance sheets and meet half-yearly targets. the ...

the reserve bank of india on tuesday issued revised draft norms to regulate the growth in securitisation of bank loans. this may ...

volatility in local share markets have hit india inc s equity fund-raising plans, with the total deal value this year set to fall ...

as ubs ag prepares to shrink its investment bank after a $2.3-billion loss from unauthorised trading, bankers pushed out, or ...

in the backdrop of buoyant kharif season in uttar pradesh, agricultural loan disbursement during the current financial year is ...

two federal reserve policymakers voiced wariness about the idea of spurring growth by letting inflation accelerate as they ...

l t group, a serious contender for a new banking licence, today expressed doubts over the viability of new banks having 25% ...

the reserve bank (rbi) today said the indian banks association (iba) is expected to submit comments by the end of this month on ...

mcgraw-hill cos said the us securities and exchange commission (sec) may recommend a civil injunction against the company s ...

in a move aimed at addressing conflicts of interest in distribution of financial products, the securities and exchange board of ...

rewriting of financial sector legislation has gained momentum, with the financial sector legislative reforms commission (fslrc) ...

to enhance the creditworthiness of infrastructure projects, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has allowed foreign equity investors ...

the securities appellate tribunal (sat) has upheld the order passed by the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) against ...

china s yuan dropped the most in four months as concern europe s debt crisis will worsen curbed demand for emerging ...

central bankers from three southeast asian nations signalled that global financial market turmoil will diminish inflation ...

european central bank (ecb) policymakers are likely to next week debate restarting their covered-bond purchases along with ...

german chancellor angela merkel said euro region leaders must erect a firewall around greece to avert a cascade of market attacks ...

euro zone banks need at least euro 150 billion ($202 billion) of capital provided through a europe-wide troubled asset relief ...

rural electrification corporation will raise $200 million (rs 990 crore) through swiss franc-denominated bonds. the roadshow for ...

edelweiss tokio life, the newest entrant in the indian life insurance sector, has firmed up plans to rope in 6,000 agents and set ...

amid volatile trading that reflected the concern over the european debt crisis and the demand from importers, the rupee fell ...

after witnessing huge movements triggered by global jitters, the rupee may continue to witness volatility tomorrow, albeit on a ...

the international monetary fund (imf) said it was ready to strongly support european nations in their efforts to ...

even as bank finance seems to be getting costlier with rising interest rates, more and more consumers have started turning ...

while self-help groups and women beneficiaries of microfinance are being seen as a success story, a group of illiterate women in ...

european policymakers faced mounting pressure from foreign counterparts and investors to step up efforts to prevent their ...

the falling value of rupee may impact hard the profitability of indian companies, which have tapped overseas loans, and the ...

equities are expected to stay volatile because of turbulent global markets and the expiry of derivative contracts for september ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) governor duvvuri subbarao said there is a bigger risk that the recession in the us and the ...

however, both have said mscb, which is under the administrator s rule since may 7, has come out of the provisions of ...

the depreciation in the value of rupee was expected to an extend and could be temporary, said prime minister s economic ...

with an aim to increase its customer base in the country, fiserv india- a wholly-owned subsidiary of fiserv inc is planning to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has allowed banks and non-banking financial companies (nbfc) to sponsor infrastructure debt funds ...

india s foreign exchange reserves rose by $266 million to $317 billion for the week ended september 16, primarily on ...

despite a reported selling of the dollars in the market, india s forex reserves rose by $266 million to $316.763 billion for the ...

the small industries development bank of india (sidbi) plans to set up a venture capital fund with an initial corpus of rs 300 ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned rs 399.22 crore under its rural infrastructure ...

investors dumped high yielding assets and moved towards the dollar after the us federal reserve expressed concerns over the us ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has announced that it sanctioned a loan of rs 264.74 crore for ...

tata capital, a subsidiary of tata sons, on thursday announced that it will form a joint venture (jv) with groupe aeroplan inc, a ...

in the name of financial inclusion, banks should not blindly follow a policy of customer acquisition, providing new access to new ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked banks to strengthen their payment infrastructure for safety in automated teller ...

weakening debt servicing ability of the corporate sector, particularly the small and medium enterprises, due to higher interest ...

the much-awaited bancassurance guidelines might take some more time to come out. the regulator is considering the reaction to ...

contrary to popular perception, exporters feel they may, at best, reap short-term gains out of the depreciating rupee against the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today tightened the return filing format for non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) under which ...

as the indian currency moved closer towards the rs 50-to-a-dollar mark, finance minister pranab mukherjee today said the reserve ...

in order to minimise fraud cases and ensure security of transactions, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today asked banks to ...

from now on, insurers cannot deny any claims on the ground of delayed filing and intimation of documents, particularly if the ...

as currencies of developed nations struggle to maintain supremacy in global financial markets, the yuan is finding favour with ...

the european debt crisis has generated as much as $410 billion in credit risk for european banks, the international monetary fund ...

loans grew faster than deposits during the fortnight ended september 9, indicating an increase in credit demand during the ...

usha thorat, chairperson of the reserve bank of india s (rbi) panel on finance companies, on wednesday said she did not ...

if the deal between cic and virgin money is agreed, it will be the first major investment from china in the british banking ...

amid a strengthening dollar and the global risk aversion, the rupee has fallen by 9.5 per cent in the last two months. while ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, on wednesday said it would offer a discount of 25 basis points ...

after roping in nippon life in the life insurance business, reliance capital is now looking to sell 26 per cent stake in reliance ...

as many as 26 co-operative banks failed in 2010-11 which resulted in credit insurance companies paying over rs 268 crore to ...

it was his passion for examining raw data to draw conclusions from a set of information that persuaded mohan jayaraman to join ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) might relax the debt investment norms for life insurance corporation of ...

bank of india (boi) has sought capital infusion of rs 4,000 crore from the government to fund its growth for the next two-three ...

hit by rising input costs, hardening interest costs and the policy conundrum, corporate capital expenditure would continue to be ...

amid the current uncertain macro-economic environment, inorganic growth seems to be the mantra for multi-national corporations ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today relaxed norms for insurance agents by removing certain riders at ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today said it would come out with guidelines for initial public ...

bonuses at ubs ag s investment bank may be at risk after the company suffered a $2.3 billion loss from what it described as ...

investors have pulled more money from us equity funds since the end of april than in the five months after the collapse of lehman ...

ags transact technologies ltd (attl), an atm outsourcing and systems integration company, plans to set up 5,000 atms in the next ...

state-run national housing bank (nhb) plans to set up a mortgage finance company by the end of this financial year. the housing ...

online and mobile banking is changing the way in which basic transactions happen. sudeep yadav, citi s managing director and head ...

mangalore-headquartered karnataka bank has set a target of 25 percent growth in business in 2011-12, and plans to achieve it by ...

though the reserve bank of india (rbi) continued its hawkish stance during the mid-quarter review of monetary policy last week, ...

india factoring, a joint venture between punjab national bank (pnb) and malta-based fimbank, is set to receive rs 100-crore ...

norms relating to the ownership and listing of new private banks, as proposed in the reserve bank of india s (rbi) draft ...

pune-based public sector lender bank of maharashtra is hopeful of receiving rs 800 crore from the government as part of the ...

private lender dhanlaxmi bank today hiked base rate, or the minimum lending rate, by 25 basis points to 11%, while loans under ...

pune-based public sector lender bank of maharashtra (bom) is likely to hike its base rate by 25 basis points from october 1, ...

the 12 rate hikes, in the past 18 months, by the reserve bank have failed to hurt growth in aggregate demand as households are ...

the non-life insurance industry is expected to grow by over 18 per cent by 2015 to become a rs 90,000-crore sector from the ...

the rupee will continue to feel the heat on the back of a growing demand for the dollar across the globe, as uncertainty on ...

icici securities, the broking arm of india s largest private sector bank, is to focus on expanding its institutional broking ...

soon after the reserve bank of india (rbi) raised its key lending rates by 25 basis points, the export-import bank of india said ...

ubs ag chief executive officer oswald gruebel said he doesn t plan to resign after switzerland s biggest bank last week reported ...

a group that represents the world s biggest banks is trying to persuade brazil, russia, india, china and others to lend 20 ...

pune-based public sector lender bank of maharashtra (bom) is likely to hike its base rate by 25 basis points (bps) from october ...

ending months of indecision, the government is set to appoint a full-time chairman for life insurance corporation (lic) in the ...

chief economic advisor kaushik basu has pitched for a reduction in interest rates to maintain growth, saying the rbi s tight ...

country s largest lender state bank of india profit in the current fiscal is likely to exceed rs 10,000 crore on the back of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to maintain its hawkish stand and further increase key policy rate up till january ...

the government has formed a committee to look into the capital requirements of public sector banks in the light of the basel-iii ...

interest rate rises have been a cause of concern for the past 18 months. prompted by the reserve bank of india s increase in the ...

the government is likely to take a decision on the appointment of a permanent chairman for life insurance corporation of india in ...

india infrastructure finance company ltd (iifcl), infrastructure development finance company ltd (idfc) and life insurance ...

the maharashtra government on saturday made a strong pitch for review of reserve bank of india s prudential norms relating ...

less than two months after ubs ag chief executive officer oswald gruebel said the bank had one of the best ...

the 10-month uncertainty over axis bank s acquisition of the financial services business of enam securities has finally ...

us treasury secretary timothy geithner told european union (eu) finance ministers on friday they should end loose talk about a ...

all loans are set to become costlier, with the reserve bank today hiking the key interest rate for the 12th time since march, ...

concerned over high inflation, the reserve bank (rbi) today raised key interest rates by 25 basis points, its 12th such hike ...

the european central bank said it will lend dollars to euro-area banks in a series of three-month loans as the region s debt ...

icici bank, the country s largest private lender, has slowed mobilising deposits from retail depositors in foreign markets. the ...

goldplus, a mass-market jewellery brand of titan industries, on thursday tied up with kerala-based muthoot finance to offer a new ...

allianz se (alv) s reinsurance unit is selling less hurricane and earthquake coverage to third parties as it focuses on ...

to further liberalise norms on foreign exchange transactions, the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday announced a number of ...

religare capital markets ltd (rcml), the investment banking subsidiary of religare enterprises ltd, is in active ...

punjab national bank (pnb), the second largest government-owned bank in india, opened a representative office in the heart of the ...

on the day that lehman brothers, then the world s fourth largest investment bank, filed for bankruptcy three years ago, ...

ubs, the largest bank in switzerland, said its india business will not be affected because of $2 billion loss arising out of ...

the malegam committee s report published by the reserve bank of india on monday, seems to have opened doors for gujarat s ...

industrial and commercial bank of china (icbc), the first chinese bank to start operations in india, would initially focus on ...

standard chartered bank appears to lead the race to acquire barclays bank s credit card business in india, six months after the ...

icici prudential life insurance company on thursday announced the launch of icici pru elite life and icici pru elite wealth. ...

health insurance portability service, which would allow policy holders to switch insurers, is all set to be implemented from ...

at time when growth in loans is showing signs of moderating, the union government has asked states to closely track the flow of ...

pnc financial services group inc (pnc), us bancorp and toronto-dominion bank (td) are among firms that may benefit as bank of ...

the euphoria over the depreciating rupee aiding the rise in earnings of indian exporters is likely to be capped, since the ...

barclays plc (barc) is leading investment banks in a retreat from a form of leveraged buyout (lbo) financing that has made the ...

tier-i capital ratio to 9 per cent by the start of 2013 as it scales back the us dollar corporate- and investment-banking ...

european banks are losing deposits as savers and money funds spooked by the region s debt crisis search for havens, a trend ...

after a gap of nine months, the reserve bank of india (rbi) on wednesday intervened in the foreign exchange market to support the ...

two public sector lenders oriental bank of commerce (obc) and allahabad bank today raised fixed deposits rates by up to 30 basis ...

in a bid to ensure higher volumes, new pension scheme (nps) fund managers have told the pension fund regulatory and development ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee on tuesday seemed visibly perturbed when he said a series of bad news is coming. his remarks ...

gvk power and infrastructure s multi-billion dollar acquisition of hancock coal is facing last-minute jitters, as lenders ...

ujjivan financial services, a bangalore-based microfinance institution, plans to raise rs 900 crore through debt and equity deals ...

ted weschler, the hedge fund manager and marathoner, made money trading bank of america corp stock and held the biggest stake of ...

to attract the rural masses and meet financial inclusion targets, banks are offering no-frills accounts with in-built features ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee will meet the chief ministers of western states, including maharashtra and gujarat, on saturday ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said that it would not intervene in the foreign exchange market unless the situation is ...

extending losses for the seventh straight session, the rupee tumbled sharply by 37 paise to close at nearly 16-month low of ...

transactions worth rs 7,471.76 crore were carried out using credit cards in the country in july, this year, 28.4% more than that ...

bank of america corp (bac), the biggest us lender by assets, will eliminate 30,000 jobs in the next few years as part of chief ...

investors are valuing european banks at levels not seen since the depths of the credit crunch that followed the collapse of ...

in a move that may further dent sales of unit-linked life insurance plans (ulips), the insurance regulatory and development ...

italy sold euro 11.5 billion ($15.6 billion) of treasury bills as demand waned and borrowing costs rose amid europe s ...

a reserve bank of india-appointed panel has recommended that the existing financially healthy and well managed co-operative ...

icici bank plans to raise funds through foreign currency bonds in the coming quarters to meet the funding needs of indian ...

despite the impending economic slowdown, the reserve bank of india (rbi) is expected to maintain its hawkish stance by raising ...

bnp paribas sa, societe generale sa and credit agricole sa, france s largest banks by market value, may have their credit ...

the punjab national bank will soon start the roll-out of gen next branches pan india to provide hi-tech banking to the youth in ...

punjab national bank, whose total advances to agriculture segment stood at over rs 34,000 crore in the first quarter of current ...

state bank of india may, in the coming years, double its annual spending on information technology from the present rs 500 crore, ...

assigned to cover mandya district to provide basic banking services through it-enabled financial inclusion, the average micro ...

with headline inflation hovering around the 10-digit mark, the reserve bank is likely to raise its key policy rates again in its ...

the final guidelines on new banking licences would be released only after the necessary amendments to the banking laws ...

the reserve bank has indicated to the government that it will not provide any hedging support to the infrastructure development ...

indian stock market is poised for robust growth in 12-18 months and the bse benchmark sensex may soar to a record 23,000 mark by ...

the draft guidelines for licensing of new banks in the private sector released last week, have set off a flurry of activity among ...

group of seven finance chiefs vowed to support banks and buoy slowing economic growth as europe s debt crisis roiled ...

the reserve bank of india has approved axis bank s revised plan to acquire the broking and investment banking businesses of ...

fund outflows on the back of weak equity markets, coupled with sustained dollar demand from oil companies, dragged the rupee to a ...

icici bank, the country s largest private sector lender, appears to be going slow on its hiring plans for the current financial ...

sanlam ltd (slm), a south african-based insurer, is to buy 26 per cent in shriram capital ltd (scl), part of the rs 30,000-crore ...

hsbc holdings plc (hsba) s proposed $62.5 million settlement with investors in an irish fund that lost their money in ...

according to reserve bank of india quarterly data, the sbi group s share in deposits declined to 21.6 per cent in march ...

the european central bank (ecb) left interest rates unchanged and may lower its inflation and growth forecasts as the ...

european central bank president jean-claude trichet said threats to the euro region had worsened and inflation risks had eased, ...

micro-lenders plans to restructure the loans of their poor customers appears to have hit a hurdle, with the andhra pradesh ...

just a day after banks agreed to waive prepayment charges at a meeting with the reserve bank of india (rbi), home loan borrowers ...

the government is likely to take a call on infusing capital into the country s largest lender, state bank of india, in a ...

the associated chambers of commerce and industry of india (assocham) has said the minimum capital requirement for setting up a ...

the state level bankers committee (slbc) has held regional rural banks (rrbs) responsible for the slow pace of growth in ...

the country continues to undergo a high-inflation spell, owing to the developed world s policy response to the global ...

having paid a stiff price in the form of huge provisioning, the country s biggest lender state bank of india today ruled ...

with the demand for funding infrastructure projects pegged at $1 trillion, the regulator and the government should allow new ...

as indian banks gear up for the second wave of technological enhancement, their spending is likely to shoot, a little over fifty ...

india infrastructure finance company ltd (iifcl) and life insurance corporation (lic) have drawn up plans to invest rs 10,000 ...

the indian institute of management, ahmedabad (iim-a) on wednesday published its audited placement data for its three full-time ...

the swiss central bank s decision to cap the appreciation of the nation s currency against the euro may fall short of ...

religare finvest limited (rfl) is aggressively looking at small and medium enterprises for business growth, as the non-banking ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor subir gokarn on wednesday said the limit on the franc-euro exchange rate was a ...

the rupee today settled at one-year low of 46.16 17 against the us currency, down by 5 paise over last close, as sustained dollar ...

religare finvest ltd (rfl), a non-banking finance company wholly-owned by religare enterprises, plans to remain focused on the ...

bank deposits showed robust growth over the august 12-26 fortnightfortnight while credit offtake declined in the same period on ...

swiss private bankers are pursuing acquisitions to boost profits as punitive tax agreements make the nation less attractive for ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) said on tuesday loans that are fixed in the initial years and become floating later would be ...

prepayment penalty, a nightmare suffered often by individual borrowers of home or car loans, is set to end. in a meeting with the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has mooted the idea of lowering banks reserve requirements, which have remained high for ...

the reserve bank is committed to bringing down the cash reserve ratio (crr) and statutory liquidity ratio (slr) in a ...

germany is divided over europe s bailout fund. finland may be jeopardising greece s latest rescue. and italy is ...

in an attempt to capture the contemporary pulse of the country with respect to money, private lender kotak mahindra bank has ...

sequoia capital-backed prizm payment services ltd plans capital expenditure of rs 1,000 crore over three years to scale up its ...

banks are raising funds through certificates of deposits (cds) to tide over the tighter liquidity deficit expected on account of ...

the microfinance trio spandana sphoorty financial, share microfin and asmitha microfin have proposed to merge their ...

foreign banks in the country appear to bear the brunt of policy rate increases more severely than their domestic rivals. the cost ...

treasury officials said even as the system remained in deficit an outcome of the reserve bank of india stance to check ...

investors have begun to choose top-rated corporate bonds over government securities, as there is no clarity on the course of ...

the south central zone (comprising andhra pradesh and karnataka) of state-owned life insurance corporation of india (lic) will be ...

life insurance corporation of india is set to offer up to six per cent annual return on pension plus, its unit-linked pension ...

sks microfinance, which is passing through rough weathers, may approach the reserve bank for a banking licence, according to ...

the stock market is expected to drop before some consolidation this week as it looks towards global peers for cues and fresh ...

the meeting will discuss the progress of centrally-sponsored schemes, state-wise flow of credit to the agriculture sector, ...

amid a strong broader market, the combined market capitalisation (m-cap) of the country s top nine firms increased rs 89,339.66 ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) said on saturday if inflation stayed beyond the threshold level of four-six per cent, it could ...

standard chartered has increased its minimum rate of lending by 25 basis points to 9.75% to become the second foreign bank to do ...

public sector indian bank today said it has revised upwards interest rates for the foreign currency non-resident (fcnr) and ...

microfinance institutions (mfis) seem to have taken a leaf out of the banks debt recast programme for the sector to cap ...

the federal agency that oversees the mortgage giants fannie mae and freddie mac is set to file suits against more than a dozen ...

india s largest lender, state bank of india and its associates, fell behind other banks operating in india in efficiency in ...

the country s largest life insurer, which reported a 10.3 per cent rise in net actuarial surplus at rs 22,716 crore for ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) is looking at a huge jump in premium collected through bancassurance, amid increasing ...

state bank india (sbi) today said its rs 20,000 crore rights issue proposal was on track and the bank was not looking at any ...

standard poor s (s p) is giving a higher rating to securities backed by subprime home loans, the same type of ...

the small industries development bank of india (sidbi) is to provide equity and quasi-equity assistance to micro, small and ...

under a mediclaim policy, the insurance company is required to reimburse the cost of hospitalization and treatment. what happens ...

higher provisioning and capital adequacy norms, as recommended by the working group of the reserve bank of india (rbi) on ...

hit by high interest rates, growth in commercial credit offtake from banks by major sectors slowed to 18.9% in july, 2011, from ...

barring a few top players, banking is likely to be a distant dream for most microfinance institutions in the country. this is ...

in the largest repayment offer of its kind, sahara india financial corp (sifcl), the parabanking arm of sahara india pariwar, has ...

a day after the reserve bank of india (rbi) issued the draft norms for new banking licences, a host of companies started the ...

infrastructure developers, who have won highway projects by offering huge premiums to the government, might find it tough to ...

the manipal education and bank of baroda (bob) on tuesday announced the launch of the baroda manipal school of banking (bmsb) ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned rs 97.38 crore to the government of gujarat under ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has penalised shri janata sahakari bank limited, halol in panchmahal district in gujarat with a ...

to push retailing of government bonds, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has made it mandatory for existing and prospective primary ...

credit flow to non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) and the commercial real estate sector in july stayed robust, whereas overall ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) appears to have gone slow in offering new branch licences to foreign banks which have greater ...

as the reserve bank of india (rbi) paves the way for new players to enter the banking sector, non-bank financial companies ...

the government today said provisioning against the non-performing assets (npas) of state bank of india (sbi) increased more than ...

though the much-awaited draft norms for new banking licences were announced by the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday, ...

alpha bank sa, greece s third- largest lender, will acquire efg eurobank ergasias sa to create the nation s biggest ...

non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) may find it tough to float a bank. the reserve bank of india (rbi), in the draft guidelines ...

a committee set up by the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday recommended that the provisioning and asset classification norms ...

the manipal education and bank of baroda (bob) on monday announced the launch of the baroda manipal school of banking (bmsb) ...

hurricane irene s estimated cost to insurers fell to about $2.6 billion in the us as the storm lost strength en route to ...

goldman sachs group inc and citigroup inc, whose offices in new york s evacuation zone for hurricane irene escaped major ...

industrial houses and companies seeking banking licences will have their work cut out, as the reserve bank of india (rbi) has ...

welcoming the reserve bank of india s (rbi) draft guidelines on granting new bank licences, corporates and analysts today said ...

sbi chairman pratip chaudhuri today said the government is committed to infusing funds into it through the bank s ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today unveiled the draft guidelines on new banking licences, pegging the minimum required capital ...

a reserve bank panel has advocated tough new norms for non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) with the aim of strengthening the ...

the yields on government bonds are likely to open low but concerns on inflation and fresh supply in the holiday-shortened trading ...

some of the public sector banks and regional rural banks (rrbs) operating in orissa have made tardy progress in the area of ...

with rising interest rates and high inflation denting the bottom line of small businesses, the finance ministry has directed ...

the rbi has said indian banks would adhere to the globally agreed timeline for implementation of basel iii norms and guidelines ...

the government could face difficulties in managing its borrowing programme for the current fiscal amid the prevailing tight ...

india s rupee and thailand s baht led declines among asian currencies this week on signs economic growth is slowing in the region ...

the growing indian diaspora and business opportunities in dubai have excited indian bankers in the region. no wonder, a number of ...

banks operating in the orissa circle have managed to achieve only 34 per cent of the annual credit plan (acp) by the end of june ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked banks to develop effective risk management controls for lending to small scale ...

federal reserve chairman ben s bernanke said the central bank still has tools to stimulate the economy without providing details ...

warren buffett may have sought to rescue marquee names like bank of america and goldman sachs by investing $5 billion each, but ...

the premium collection of the life insurance industry in india dipped 21.8 per cent to rs 26,794 crore during the april to july ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has sought the close monitoring of the twin deficits the fiscal deficit and the current ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) gross income for 2010-11 rose 12.7 per cent to rs 37,070 crore from rs 32,884 crore a ...

while retaining economic growth estimates for the current financial year at eight per cent, the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

corporate volume growth in expected to get slower in the year s second half due to monetary tightening and inflationary ...

regional rural banks (rrbs) may need more time to shift entirely to core banking solutions (cbs) than that allotted by the ...

industry s wait for new bank licences may get a bit longer as the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) suggestions ...

after securing the largest-sized foreign direct investment in the indian insurance sector, with nippon life taking 26 per cent ...

clearing the decks for rs 3,000-crore reliance life-nippon deal, the government today relaxed norms for dilution of stake by ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today warned of difficult days ahead, saying inflation will remain at elevated levels for some ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) warned on thursday against accepting high inflation as the new normal, adding that ...

a week after it decided to reduce its headcount in india wealth management business, credit suisse strengthened its investment ...

to incentivise lending to marginal farmers and specific regions, national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) may ...

with the busy season approaching and interest rates hardening in foreign countries, domestic loan demand is showing early signs ...

deregulation of the savings rate is likely to destabilise the interest rate structure in the country, k r kamath, chairman and ...

with four years left for the implementation of basel- iii norms, banks in india would have to gear up for the phased transition ...

the swiss alps and the financial markets may be worlds apart, but state bank of india (sbi) apparently thinks otherwise. when the ...

state street corp and jpmorgan chase co profited during the financial crisis by borrowing $200 billion almost risk-free ...

pune based electracard services (ecs), a provider of software solutions for electronic payment systems, has signed an agreement ...

insurance companies have been capitalising on the misperception that a comprehensive motor insurance policy (cip) does not cover ...

credit offtake from banks grew by 20.3% to over rs 41 lakh crore during the one-year period ended august 12, 2011, suggesting an ...

reserve bank deputy governor anand sinha today said though bad loans are rising in the system, the central bank does not see it ...

the state bank of india (sbi) is eyeing almost 25 per cent growth in its micro, small and medium enterprises (msmes) portfolio of ...

here in washington, we ve all seen how quickly good intentions can turn into broken promises and wasteful spending. ...

ubs ag, switzerland s biggest bank, will eliminate about 3,500 jobs, or 5.3 per cent of the workforce, as stricter capital ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor k c chakrabarty on tuesday said agricultural productivity could be determined in ...

after implementing the move to split the posts of chairmen and chief executive officers (ceos) in private banks in 2007, the ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor subir gokarn on tuesday said the moderation in bank credit growth so far this ...

icici bank on tuesday said its recently launched fixed-rate home loan scheme would not attract the higher provisioning mandated ...

india s largest public sector lender, state bank of india (sbi), is hopeful of receiving the much needed capital infusion ...

japan s two-year bonds yielded the least relative to overnight lending rates between banks in nine months on speculation ...

with higher rates of interest pinching individual borrowers and affecting their capacity to service their loans, the government ...

the comptroller and auditor general (cag) has suggested the revenue department should liaise with the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today said it had no plan to relaunch the dual fixed rate home loan products, ...

country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today said it would come out with the rights issue this fiscal, but maintained ...

swiss banking major ubs today said it would slash 3,500 jobs as part of cost-cutting measures, with nearly half of the cuts ...

though the life insurance industry is seeing turbulent times, hdfc life expects to breakeven in the current financial year. in an ...

air india would have to pay 15 per cent more for its annual insurance policy, set to come up for renewal on october 1. at rs 160 ...

chairman ben s bernanke has big shoes to fill this week when he speaks at the federal reserve s annual symposium in jackson ...

the union finance ministry has reportedly asked all nationalised banks and financial institutions to make payments electronically ...

gold loan major muthoot finance ltd (mfl) expects to maintain its net interest margin at 9.5 to 10 per cent in this financial ...

foreign-exchange traders are putting their faith in jean-claude trichet, betting the european central bank (ecb) president will ...

the indian banking sector is poised to become the world s third-largest in terms of assets over the next 14 years, according to a ...

bearish wagers against global stocks at hedge funds have surged to the highest level since july 2009 as the european debt crisis ...

rising cost pressures, moderating demand and high interest costs would limit rating upgrades in the second quarter, according to ...

the euphoria over offshore bond issuances may fizzle out, as rising swap rates have made conversion of fixed-rate bonds into ...

indiafirst life insurance, one of the youngest players in the life insurance space, has set a target of mopping up rs 1,200 crore ...

as many as 22 life insurance companies had assets under management (aum), including equity and fixed income assets, of rs 15, ...

bank of america corp (bac), the biggest us lender, may try to cut costs by 20 per cent in consumer banking with measures that ...

at a time when over 60 per cent of the country s population do not have access to banking services and credit facility remaining ...

sutesh sharma, who heads a team of citigroup inc proprietary traders, intends to leave the company and start a hedge fund, two ...

the non-convertible debentures (ncd) issue of muthoot finance ltd (mfl) will open on august 23. the company plans to raise rs ...

banks are betting big on the festive mood to make up for the slackness in loan growth so far, by waiving processing fees and even ...

against the backdrop of a robust growth in the foreign direct investment in the first quarter of the current fiscal, the ...

foreign institutional investors (fiis) have increased stakes marginally in 16 sensex firms including larsen toubro, ...

market regulator sebi is mulling changes in the way it settles probes against listed companies and various market entities ...

corporation bank chairman and managing director ramnath pradeep today refuted charges of inappropriately sanctioning big-ticket ...

muthoot finance, the largest gold-loan non-banking finance company is planning to raise another rs 1,000 crore through listed ...

treasuries surged, pushing yields on five-, seven- and 10-year notes to historic lows, as investors sought a refuge on concern us ...

global job cuts in the financial sector have reached india as well. credit suisse, the zurich-based global financial services ...

citigroup inc and jpmorgan chase co cut their us growth forecasts as the global economy slows and officials struggle to ...

manappuram finance ltd (mfl) will be opening its new corporate office in mumbai. the mumbai office, located at aiswarya business ...

plans from france and germany to move toward fiscal union in 2012 got a chilly response from other euro-zone countries and failed ...

commercial banks operating in orissa have been pulled up by the state government for their below-par lending to the agricultural ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday reiterated that inflation continued to be the primary concern for the central bank as ...

the ratio of volatile capital flows to foreign exchange reserves rose to 67.3 per cent in 2010-11, compared with 58 per cent in ...

two federal reserve policy makers said the central bank s commitment to keep its benchmark rate near zero for two years may ...

icici bank, india s largest private sector bank, on thursday said it would launch two new home loan products with interest ...

flagging concern over asset quality pressures, rating agency fitch ltd has revised outlook on religare finvest ltd (rfl) to ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor subir gokarn on thursday said india s growth rate should be maintained at around ...

leading home loan players which aggressively pursued fixed-cum-floating loans are not likely to respond to icici bank s ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) took a solitary step during the first quarter review of the monetary policy, as it resorted to a ...

at a time when lenders are concerned about the non-performing assets (npas) in their financial statements, an ahmedabad-based ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday penalised rajkot-based rajkot commercial co-operative bank limited for violation of ...

alarmed at the trend of state-run banks profitability eroding soon after their chairmen retire, the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

healthcare is costlier than a stay in a five-star hotel. clearly, it is beyond the means of the common man. one-time ...

faced with extremely low credit deposit ratio (cdr) of some private and public sector banks in uttarakhand, the ...

india infrastructure finance company (iifcl) on wednesday said it aimed to raise rs 11,000 crore by march 2012 from institutional ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) continues to focus on controlling inflation and inflationary expectations even as inflation has ...

the proposed deal between punjab national bank (pnb) and metlife, which saw the bank getting a discount of nearly rs 750 crore, ...

some of the gloom that settled over the us economic outlook as stocks and sentiment plunged in recent weeks may soon dissipate as ...

the government is likely to decide on the rights issue proposal of country s largest lender state bank india (sbi) in the next ...

goldman sachs group inc was sued by allstate insurance co over the sale of more than $100 million worth of residential ...

warren buffett s berkshire hathaway inc increased its stake in wells fargo co, building equity holdings amid a ...

aditya birla financial services on tuesday reported a near three-fold increase in net profit for the april-june quarter to rs 161 ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is set to release the draft guidelines on the entry of new banks next week. the norms will seek ...

banks are going slow on raising funds through certificates of deposits (cds), even at low rates, owing to the rise in the flow of ...

rising interest rates are unlikely to erode the net interest margin of banks this financial year, since lending rates are ...

the government on tuesday suspended new india assurance chairman m ramadoss on charges of irregularities in the distribution of ...

the country s largest stock market investor, life insurance corporation (lic) of india, has made some critical changes in its ...

fitch ratings affirmed its aaa credit rating for the us and said the outlook is stable, citing the nation s central role in ...

the andhra pradesh government is all set to establish apex cooperative bank for women self-help groups (shgs) to minimise the ...

south-based lender dhanlaxmi bank today hiked its retail term deposit rates in two baskets, taking it into double digits in one ...

expectations of further increase in rates on the back of persistently high inflation and continuous supply of bonds with lesser ...

citigroup inc and goldman sachs group inc increased gross exposures to french banks in the year s first half before the ...

bank of america corp, the biggest us bank by assets, said it will exit the international credit-card business by selling its ...

the quality of fresh unsecured loans of private and foreign banks are getting better, as these lenders, armed with credit ...

the cumulative value of transactions carried out through cheques across the country during june 2011 amounts to rs 7.19 lakh ...

ruling out any major impact of the ongoing crisis in the west on india s gdp growth, former rbi governor yaga venugopal ...

the loss of market confidence in economic leadership in key countries like the united states and europe coupled with a fragile ...

foreign institutional investors (fii) have offloaded shares worth $1.30 billion (about rs 5,829.40 crore) in the indian equity ...

the national payments corporation of india (npci) has said any bank with round-the-clock core banking solution capabilities, with ...

the cumulative value of transactions carried out through cheques across the country during june, 2011, amounts to rs 7.19 lakh ...

with rising costs and higher risks involved, ganpati mandals in mumbai are going the extra mile to protect their idols, jewellery ...

the credit deposit ratio (cdr) of banks in bihar rose 2.52 per cent to 36.51 per cent in the quarter ended june 30, compared with ...

hyderabad-based three major microfinance institutions- share microfin limited, asmitha microfin limited and spandana sphoorty ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on friday issued operational guidelines for the implementation of a transfer system for servicing ...

india s foreign exchange reserves fell by $ 1.9 billion to $ 317 billion for the week ending august 5, 2011 on account of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on friday said a challenge for effective transmission of monetary policy was to keep systemic ...

as the government proposes to bring all micro finance institutions (mfis) under the ambit of the reserve bank (rbi), deputy ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi), which is accused of hurting growth by a spree of policy rate increases, on friday said economic ...

public sector canara bank is eyeing an increase in its business portfolio in uttar pradesh to rs 25,000 crore in the current ...

the six largest us money market funds have eliminated their lending to italian and spanish banks, reduced investments in french ...

country s second-largest private lender hdfc bank has decided to raise its lending rates by 50 basis points in line with its ...

the insurance regulatory authority of india (irda) today made it mandatory for insurers to seek prior approval in case of stake ...

the reserve bank of india s transferable surplus dipped by 20 per cent to rs 15,009 crore for the year ended june. this is ...

the union government s chief economic adviser, kaushik basu, on thursday said india s credit rating could rise relatively ...

the stage is set for the country s top two private banks to test their skills in pursuit of market share. after consolidating its ...

gold loan provider manappuram finance plans to raise rs 750 crore through the sale of secured redeemable non-convertible ...

the country s top two banks, state bank of india (sbi) and icici bank, on thursday announced 50-basis point increases in their ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, has scaled down the requirement of funds from the government for ...

hdfc red (real estate destination), an online information hub for the buyers of residential properties, has added nashik city on ...

it feels eerily familiar stocks are plummeting. the economy is slowing. politicians are scrambling to find solutions but are ...

country s top two lenders state bank of india (sbi) and icici bank today announced a hike in lending rates by 50 basis points ...

bank of baroda (bob) today said it was expanding its overseas presence in kenya, uganda, australia, new zealand and gulf ...

the nation s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today hinted at increasing both its lending as well as deposit rates, ...

transactions worth rs 7,191 crore were carried out using credit cards in the country in june, 2011, translating into a growth of ...

hsbc holdings on wednesday said it would sell a part of its cards and retail services businesses in the us to capital one ...

to enhance banks capacity to adopt basel-ii norms, the reserve bank of india on wednesday issued draft norms to calculate ...

the maharashtra government on wednesday requested the reserve bank of india (rbi) to do away with the practice of state ...

seeking improvement in individual foreign exchange transactions, a reserve bank of india (rbi) panel has said the central bank ...

the growth in bank advances continued to decline, owing to a rise in lending rates. along with corporate credit, bankers say ...

the concerns of a global slowdown after the downgrade of the sovereign us rating, from aaa to aa with a negative outlook, ...

shriram city union finance ltd (shriram city), the non banking finance company, is planning to extensively increase its presence ...

lower premium collection during the first quarter of the current financial year has led the country s largest institutional ...

the central bank indicated it was ready to venture further into the unknown territory of ultra-cheap money to soothe nervous ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi)-appointed panel today suggested significant liberalisation of forex regulation to allow ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it planned to allow banks to calculate at their own the capital requirement to handle ...

federal reserve officials may strengthen their commitment to record monetary stimulus as soon as today after a faltering economic ...

andhra bank has hiked interest rates on domestic term deposits effective august 8. the rates on deposits of less than rs 1 crore ...

the rush for mobile money has now caught the fancy of firms acting as business correspondents for banks. these entities help ...

from august 16, the reserve bank of india (rbi) will hold reverse repo auctions between 4.30 and 5 pm on all working days, except ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao has convened a meeting tomorrow with a bankers committee in maharashtra to ...

weighed down by losses and bad loans, sbi global factors (sbigf), a subsidiary of state bank of india (sbi), is revamping its ...

tuesdy s announcement by the prime minister s office came as a surprise, since subbarao s current three-year ...

citibank india today said it had made key appointments in its markets team primarily to further strengthen its fixed income, ...

business correspondents, who partner banks in their financial inclusion programme in rural india, are on a hiring spree. most ...

shriram city union finance (scuf) is set to enter the home loan finance space, with an initial paid-up capital of rs 100 crore. ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to take a pause from raising rates in its next policy meet in september, as fears of a ...

edelweiss housing finance ltd (ehfl), the housing finance arm of edelweiss group, has launched its operations in pune and by 2015 ...

the banks and financial institutions that had lined up overseas borrowing programmes are rethinking their options as uncertainty ...

gold finance firm muthoot finance ltd (mfl) is expecting to growth 50 to 60 per cent in assets under management (aum) from last ...

european central bank (ecb) president jean-claude trichet started buying italian and spanish assets on monday in his riskiest ...

in the event of a renewed slowdown in the us and europe, the impact in india is likely to be deeper and more ...

reserve bank of india deputy governor subir gokarn has said the centre s fiscal situation is far away from the ideal ...

the us dollar may weaken and treasury yields rise when asian markets reopen on monday, though any selling in response to ratings ...

issues of ensuring financial stability and enlarged public debt would take centre stage in the fiscal and monetary policies of ...

fund outflows owing to weak performance of equity markets may see the rupee depreciate in the near term, but other factors like ...

having attracted multinational giants such as volkswagen and mcdonald s, yuan-denominated bonds or dim sum bonds are now ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) brass met today to take stock of the global financial situation in the wake of the us credit ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) imposed a monetary penalty of rs 1 lakh on ahmedabad-based gujarat mercantile co-operative bank ...

indian bankers and stock brokers searched for the elusive silver lining in the recessionary dark clouds that are gathering over ...

young and driving a red car get ready to fork out more on your car insurance aided by sophisticated research data, car insurers ...

japan may have spent a record amount intervening to stem the yen s gains on aug. 4, based on projection of deposits held by ...

banks, which hold treasuries as a form of capital, won t need to build larger cushions to protect against possible losses ...

maharashtra state cooperative bank s (mscb) balance sheet, which was approved by its auditors batliboi purohit, shows its ...

public sector lender union bank of india (ubi) today hiked its base rate by 50 basis points or 0.50%, following the recent ...

the race for the top job at the country s largest life insurer, life insurance corporation (lic), has entered its last lap. the ...

a one-day nationwide strike by the bank employees on friday disrupted banking transactions in gujarat stalling cheque clearances ...

hdfc entered the remote himalayan district of ladakh by opening its first bank branch in leh town of jammu and kashmir on ...

in a rising interest rate scenario, exim bank (export-import bank of india) expects products benchmarked to government security ...

royal bank of scotland group (rbs), britain s biggest government-controlled bank, will cut about 2,000 jobs as writedowns ...

the company, which disbursed rs 249 crore in the state in the last financial year, plans to ramp up the disbursements by 50 per ...

small industries development bank of india (sidbi) plans to disburse around rs 1,000 crore in credit to microfinance institutions ...

private sector lender axis bank would raise $240 million through the sale of us commercial papers (uscps) over a week. the debt ...

to standardise asset liability management practices followed by insurance companies, the insurance regulatory and development ...

during the financial year ended june, it committed to 28 new investments worth about $800 million. it also approved 18 new ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is sitting on a staggering rs 15,000-crore gain on its 200-tonne gold purchase in october 2009, ...

lehman brothers holdings inc said it settled $20 billion of intercompany claims with liquidators for lehman hong kong and won the ...

japan sold one trillion yen ($12.5 billion) and loosened its monetary reins on thursday, joining switzerland in efforts to tame ...

reserve bank of india deputy governor anand sinha has said that mobile banking technology is the hottest area of development at ...

k s jangbahadur, a veteran investment banker of 14 years and co-head of private equity practice at icici venture, has put in his ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday reconstituted the technical advisory committee (tac) on monetary policy. the new ...

putting an end to the ongoing debate on whether high inflation could be accepted as a new normal , reserve bank of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday said banks issuing prepaid payment instruments to companies, for the use of the ...

public sector lender state bank of mysore today hiked lending rates by 50 basis points (bps) with effect from tomorrow, following ...

banks can make better money by extending their retail banking into smaller cities as these markets offer higher yields, according ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today reconstituted the technical advisory committee (tac), which advises the apex bank on its ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said prepaid payment instruments such as smart cards, magnetic stripe cards, mobile wallets ...

there is some good news for bank customers. it may soon be time to bid goodbye to bad memories of being penalised for ...

standard chartered bank on wednesday said its pre-tax profit from india operations in the first six months (january-june) of this ...

if you are tired of saving numbers of all the banks where you have accounts, good news is in store. according to suggestions by a ...

the damodaran panel report on bank customer service says a simple deposit account is a right of every indian citizen, being also ...

the damodaran committee on bank customer service has recommended that they do not discriminate between new and old home loan ...

banks around the world are eagerly eyeing opportunities in the emerging markets, says a survey of banking executives by kpmg ...

mastercard inc, the world s second-biggest payments network, climbed the most in five weeks in new york trading after ...

transmission company power grid corporation of india is expected to raise rs 2,500 crore by issuing corporate bonds before the ...

public sector indian overseas bank (iob) today said it would be raising around rs 3,500 crore in core tier-i capital over the ...

after over a dozen domestic banks increased their lending rates in the range of 25-100 basis points (bps) following the recent ...

hongkong and shanghai banking corporation (hsbc) on tuesday said its profit before tax from india operations in the first six ...

the slide in premium collection by life insurance companies continued in june. led by a 29 per cent fall in premium collection by ...

bhartiya samruddhi finance, a microfinance institution promoted by social entrepreneur vijay mahajan, is in talks with banks and ...

even as indian banking industry is faced with sluggish growth in low cost deposits, public sector punjab national bank (pnb) has ...

the reserve bank of india is exploring the option of not appointing its serving officers on the boards of government-owned banks ...

rbi, in its quarterly monetary policy last week, hiked the key repo and reverse repo rates by 50 basis points respectively. banks ...

a day after announcing trimming its global workforce by 30,000, banking major hsbc today ruled out any significant job cuts in ...

the united forum of bank unions (ufbu), the umbrella organisation of nine trade unions, has called for a nationwide strike on ...

global banking major hsbc today reported a 33% jump in profit-before-tax from its india operations to $451 million (about rs ...

public sector state bank of india (sbi) on monday launched its first specialised nri (non-resident indian) branch in uttar ...

investment bank morgan stanley has cut india s growth estimates to 7.2 per cent for the current financial year (2011-12) ...

at a time when scheduled urban banks are facing constraints in meeting strict norms for capital adequacy and limitations in ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao on monday said fiscal stimulus packages by the government and the central ...

at a time when hong kong and shanghai banking corporation (hsbc) is cutting 30,000 jobs globally, its indian operations may not ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) slammed a monetary penalty of rs 5 lakh on ahmedabad-based the kalupur commercial co-operative ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has decided to do away with the 4.5 per cent guaranteed annual return ...

in a shift from its traditional practice of offering credit cards to its captive clients, hdfc bank, india s second-largest ...

with lower-than-expected credit growth in the initial quarters of the current financial year, banks have opted to deploy unused ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said some banks had breched guidelines by issuing demand drafts of rs 50,000 and above on ...

five banks, including indian bank, andhra bank and bank of maharashtra, have raised lending rates by up to 50 basis points (bps) ...

bank chairman and managing director m narendra presented the dividend cheque for rs 203.77 crore to finance minister pranab ...

city union bank (cub) has said it would require rs 3,000 crore by 2014, to support its target of achieving a three-fold increase ...

the bank has set a target of rs 25,000 crores business for the current fy 2011-12. presently, the bank has 119 branches in five ...

federal bank has clocked a net profit of rs 146.16 crore for the three months period ended june 30, 2011, registering a ...

indian bank is planning to list its bonds on the singapore stock exchange next week. the bank has got its board s approval to ...

cholamandalam investment and finance company ltd has diluted 15 per cent stake to five private equity (pe) investors including ...

the indian currency may lose out to the dollar this week, as the us government is expected to reach a consensus to avoid ...

companies with ambition of setting up a bank will have to wait longer. the much-hyped grant of new bank licences has been put on ...

the insurance regulator is set to drop the 4.5 per cent guaranteed return clause in the controversial pension product norms. the ...

josef ackermann, a beacon of corporate germany as chief executive officer of deutsche bank ag for the last nine years, may become ...

despite the recent controversies surrounding land acquisition and real estate projects in noida, greater noida and noida ...

global banking giant hsbc is likely to announce on monday plans to axe at least 10,000 jobs in the coming year, says a report by ...

ficci has reiterated its demand to set up an exclusive banking institution on the lines of national housing bank (nhb) and power ...

with an aim to rein in insider trading by promoters without investors knowledge, sebi has decided to make it mandatory for all ...

industry body assocham has urged the government to take steps to curb excessive speculation in futures trading in farm ...

the bombay stock exchange (bse) has informed the government that it intends to start a separate stock exchange for small and ...

private sector lender, karnataka bank ltd has announced a seven per cent growth in net profit at rs 49.78 crore for the quarter ...

manipal-based public sector lender syndicate bank on saturday reported a 29 per cent rise in its net profit at rs 343 crore for ...

idbi bank on saturday said its net profit for the quarter ended june rose 34 per cent to rs 335 crore, owing to robust interest ...

allahabad bank has said it would raise its base rate and the benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) by 50 basis points (bps) from ...

several banks including indian overseas bank (iob), punjab sind bank and corporation bank have raised lending rate by up to ...

faced with multiplying losses due to falling global demand for apparels, banks have started taking a tough stand against domestic ...

the initial public offer (ipo) of l t finance holdings was subscribed more than five times by the deadline of 6 pm on friday ...

icici bank, the country s largest private sector bank, on friday said its standalone net profit for the quarter ended june ...

aegon religare, which was the first insurer to introduce an exclusively online insurance plan in october 2009, is planning to ...

after declining for two consecutive weeks, the country s foreign exchange reserves jumped by $2.294 billion to $316.801 billion ...

hit by high interest rates, growth of commercial credit offtake from banks to major sectors slowed down to 19.6% in june, as ...

indian bank would decide next week on its plan to raise $one billion (about rs 4,500 crore) through the issue of overseas bonds ...

the country s second largest lender punjab national bank (pnb) raised both lending and deposit rates by up to 75 basis points in ...

country s largest private lender icici bank has acquired 29.3% stake in telecom network services firm gtl after taking over 28.5 ...

corporation bank posted a 5.3 per cent growth in net profit to rs 351 crore for the quarter ended june 30, compared to rs 333.8 ...

andhra bank on thursday reported a 20.6 per cent growth in net profit at rs 386 crore for the quarter ended june 30. the growth ...

punjab national bank (pnb) on thursday reported a modest 3.44 per cent rise in net profit at rs 1,105 crore for the quarter ended ...

vijaya bank, the bangalore-headquartered public sector lender, recorded a drop of of 58.4 per cent in net profit at rs 72.22 ...

punjab national bank (pnb), the country s second-largest state-run lender, on thursday said it would buy 30 per cent stake ...

infrastructure lender idfc has said that its first quarter disbursements have slowed down as compared to the same period last ...

bank of baroda s (bob) net profit grew 20.2 per cent to rs 1,033 crore in the first quarter ended june, on steady growth in ...

credit suisse group, the second-biggest swiss bank, plans to cut about 2,000 jobs after second-quarter profit fell 52 per cent on ...

indian overseas bank (iob) plans to raise around rs 1,200 crore as tier-i capital. the bank has submitted the proposal to the ...

india s chief economic advisor kaushik basu on thursday said achieving the budgetary targets for 2011-12 were challenging ...

country s largest infrastructure lender idfc has said that disbursements slowed down during the first quarter of the ...

taking a cue from government s interest in raising funds for infrastructure financing, the securities and exchange board of ...

hyderabad-based public sector lender andhra bank today said there could be some pressure on its net interest margin (nim) and ...

state-run lender bank of india today raised its base rate by 75 basis points (bps) in the wake of rate tightening done by the ...

the bangalore-headquartered bank has also revised its benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) upward by 50 basis points from 14.50% ...

with lending rates rising, fears of banks asset quality deteriorating are gaining ground. in such conditions, banks should ...

sks microfinance posted a net loss of rs 218.74 crore for the quarter ended june 30, 2011, as write-offs and provisions jumped 15 ...

former reserve bank of india (rbi) governor yaga venugopal reddy has termed the central bank s repo rate rise decision an ...

highway developers are bearing the brunt of an increase in cost of borrowing in recent months. these developers are borrowing at ...

consider prepaying or shifting but do the homework, as it makes sense or not, depending on where you ve reached on the ...

the central board of trustees, the apex decision-making body of the employees provident fund organisation, today approved ...

vijaya bank, a leading public sector bank, has entered into a corporate agency agreement with insurance behemoth life insurance ...

non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) are rushing to raise funds through non-convertible debenture (ncd) issues, to cash on the ...

reflecting the moderation in economic activity and the demand for loans, bank credit declined by rs 71,771 crore to rs 4,014,555 ...

high interest rates have taken their toll on india inc s plans to raise debt, with trading volume in the debt capital ...

amid fears of high interest rates deteriorating the health of bank loans in the coming quarters, private banks appear to have ...

muthoot finance ltd (mfl) has registered 125 per cent growth in net profit during the june quarter at rs 190 crore as against rs ...

net profit of uco bank in the first quarter of fy12 increased 12.42% at rs 292 crore as compared to rs 260 crore in the same ...

private sector lender ing vysya bank today increased its base rate or minimum lending rate by 50 basis points in response to ...

the increase in key short-term lending and borrowing rates by 50 basis points announced on tuesday by the reserve bank of india ...

deutsche bank ag said anshu jain and juergen fitschen will become co-chief executive officers in 2012, ending more than two years ...

international finance corporation (ifc) is set to take a 20 per cent stake in finco, a non-banking finance company sponsored by ...

l t finance holdings ltd, part of country s largest engineering company larsen toubro, is planning to re-evaluate ...

these are meant for students travelling abroad for further studies. universities abroad mandate that a student must be insured. ...

the turnaround of ispat, which hinges on one to two per cent reduction in interest rates, could be a casualty of the reserve bank ...

rbi governor d subbarao today said higher-than-expected rate hike of 50 basis points could have an adverse impact on the asset ...

in the backdrop of positive response received for its online unit-linked products, iterm and imaximise, aegon religare life ...

during the last few years, banks have been looking for greater benchmark scores to extend loans to consumers, a cibil official ...

reserve bank s decision to raise key rates for the third time in the current fiscal would make home, auto and corporate loans ...

private sector yes bank became the first lender to raise its base rate by 50 basis points today, within an hour of the reserve ...

retaining its growth forecast for the current fiscal at 8%, the reserve bank today said that there was no evidence of ...

shriram city union finance, a deposit-accepting non-banking finance company registered with the reserve bank of india, has filed ...

public sector lender united bank of india (ubi) today said that it was open to a follow-on-public offer (fpo) to meet the ...

rating agency crisil today said the indian banking system can increase its funding capacity to the infrastructure sector by rs 1 ...

faced with persistent inflation, global uncertainty and higher input costs, indian companies expect a slowdown in overall ...

the maharashtra state cooperative bank (mscb) has attached the properties of 26 cooperative sugar and spinning mills and agro ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday said further moderation in consumption and investment demand was likely, since high ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) seems to be in no hurry to oblige banks and other stakeholders on a pause in the rate increase ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday said volatility in local financial markets may return if the macro-economic situation ...

higher lending rates and tight liquidity conditions would continue to hit the demand for loans, resulting in a further slowing of ...

indian companies dependence on non-bank funding sources is rising. this, even as banks continue to remain the dominant ...

rating agency crisil today said banking system could increase their funding capacity to the infrastructure sector by rs 1,00,000 ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to hike its policy rates by 25 basis points in its first quarterly monetary policy ...

india factoring finance solutions pvt ltd (india factoring) has announced the launch of its factoring business in andhra ...

though credit offtake was sluggish in the first quarter, the overall credit growth for the full year for public sector canara ...

dbs bank, southeast asia s biggest lender, believes singapore could emerge as a conduit for china s ...

republicans challenged a presidential veto threat by preparing for a short-term extension of the us debt limit, hardening ...

the supervisory board ofdeutsche bank is set to confirm anshu jain as theco-ceo of the company together with his management board ...

for home buyers in noida extension things have just gone worse. while banks have decided not to disburse loans to residential ...

public sector lender state bank of hyderabad reported a net profit of rs 283.94 crore for the quarter ended june 30, a 41.1 per ...

india s largest private sector lender, icici bank, has raised deposit rates by 25-75 basis points in select term deposits. the ...

union bank of india s net profit fell 22.8 per cent for the first quarter ended june to rs 464 crore, from rs 501 crore in ...

public sector lender, allahabad bank, on friday reported a 20.45 per cent increase in net profit to rs 418.13 crore in the first ...

axis bank on friday said its net profit for the quarter ended june 30 rose 27 per cent to rs 942.3 crore from rs 741.9 crore a ...

greece s private sector creditors have agreed to take a 21 per cent loss on their bond holdings as part of a ...

state bank of hyderabad today signed an mou with dairy products company heritage foods, under which it would offer loans for ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today said that domination of one company in the pension market could ...

yes bank on thursday said its net profit for the quarter ended june 30 rose 38 per cent to rs 216.1 crore from rs 156.4 crore a ...

public sector banks have requested the government to extend the deadline for moving towards the system of technology-based ...

backed by robust growth in net interest income, kotak mahindra bank posted a consolidated net profit of rs 416 crore for the ...

state-run lenders are emerging as preferred bankers for top-tier technology firms by offering attractive returns, compared to ...

the european central bank (ecb) is willing to let greece slip into temporary default as part of a crisis response that would ...

china s banking regulator said it will step up oversight of local government financing vehicle loans and property-related ...

in an effort to aid hedging of currency risks for non-resident exporters and importers, the reserve bank of india (rbi) on ...

at a time when many foreign banks are reducing their headcount in india, citi is on a hiring spree. the us-based lender nearly ...

venture-capital (vc) funding in biotechnology companies jumped 46 per cent in the second quarter, as investors looked to ...

global regulators decision to stop banks using contingent convertible (coco) bonds to meet planned capital rules may cut ...

with an improved yield on loans, lic housing finance on wednesday posted a 21 per cent growth in net profit at rs 256 crore for ...

after coming down heavily on bankers in the state level bankers committee meeting here reserve bank of india today said ...

at the end of 2010-11 financial year, bob s total msme credit outstanding stood at rs 3,528 crore, which was a growth of ...

brian t moynihan, who vowed that bank of america corp. (bac) s strength would never be questioned again when he took the ...

pune-based bank of maharashtra has prepared a road map to achieve its agricultural lending target over the next three years, ...

smile microfinance ltd, a tamil nadu-based micro finance institution (mfi), plans to raise up to rs 250 crore through term loans ...

european officials are considering steps previously rejected by germany, including the use of precautionary credit lines, to ...

daimler, manufacturer of the brand mercedes benz, on wednesday launched daimler financial services for the indian market, in a ...

the slowing credit growth may intensify amid fears that the reserve bank of india (rbi) would raise interest rates further during ...

banks and housing finance companies (hfcs) are trying to figure out their exposure to real estate projects in noida extension, ...

the gujarat zone of bank of baroda (bob) is eyeing to cross a total business of rs 92,000 crore for the financial year 2011-12 by ...

there is no limit to the number of policies, but most insurers follow underwriting guidelines that restrict the total sum ...

the muddle over real estate projects in greater nodia has left many banks worried over the fate of loans, running into hundreds ...

as many as 7% of account holders in the country are using the internet for banking transactions, while branch banking has fallen ...

this year, the country s largest institutional investor, life insurance corporation (lic), will invest more in stock ...

general insurers will have to wait a little longer than their life insurance counterparts to come out with initial public offers ...

deutsche bank, royal bank of scotland group (rbs), societe generale and unicredit may face pressure from investors to boost ...

barring the apollo group, cashless health cover services have been restored in all other corporate hospitals, after their ...

with the yields on long tenure papers showing signs of moderation, financial institutions have queued up with their debt ...

goldman sachs group, the fifth- biggest us bank by assets, reported second-quarter profit that fell short of analysts ...

south indian bank (sib) has received its shareholders approval to raise around rs 1,000 crore through qualified institutional ...

the kolhapur-based ratnakar bank plans to raise up to rs 375 crore through certificates of deposit (cds). rating agency icra, an ...

private sector lender ing vysya bank posted a 36 per cent rise in its net profit at rs 94 crore in the first quarter of the ...

barclays bank has decided to combine its client relationship teams at barclays corporate and barclays capital in india. the move ...

working on details, may use asset management route could transfer part of rs 20,000-crore existing portfolio of infrastructure ...

a new group life insurance cum terminal benefit scheme for rubber tappers working in the small-holding sector ...

currently, all overseas mediclaim policies have an in-built health cover, besides travel inconvenience benefits like baggage ...

at the customary pre-policy meeting with rbi on monday, bankers gave their perspective on deposit growth, credit growth and asset ...

polaris software ltd today forayed into bangladesh market by launching a joint venture company along with bangladesh-based public ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is not in favour of changing the norms that bar insurance firms from ...

in a departure from roaring growth and profit numbers posted last year, two leading british lenders in the country, hsbc and ...

amid a steep slowdown in credit offtake and an unexpected spike in deposits, bankers today urged the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

liquidity conditions are expected to tighten, due to government borrowing and increased demand for funds from banks as the new ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned an rural infrastructure development fund (ridf) ...

the swiss central bank has estimated the total liabilities of swiss banks toward indian account holders at about $2.5 billion in ...

the prospect of a us ratings downgrade due to a debt default could see extra funds flow to southeast asia for a short time, but ...

as many as 24 european banks will be under pressure to show they can raise capital after failing, or barely passing, a second ...

standard poor s raised the pressure on debt negotiators in washington, saying it could downgrade insurers, securities ...

india s foreign exchange reserves fell by $1 billion to $314 billion for the week ended july 8 account of revaluation in foreign ...

lic housing finance ltd plans to launch a rs 500-crore venture capital (vc) fund for urban infrastructure development by ...

citigroup inc, the third-biggest us bank, said profit rose 24 per cent, beating analysts estimates on higher ...

to encourage educated youth to become job creators rather than job seekers , the state bank of india ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned rs 116.22 crore to the government of gujarat under ...

the terror attack in mumbai this week is unlikely to have an immediate impact on terror insurance premiums. general insurance ...

public sector lender united bank of india today hiked its lending rate by 25 basis points (bps), a move set to make auto, home ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today directed all the foreign entities, including non-government organisations (ngos) and news ...

there is finally some good news for corporate borrowers. after rising for more than a year, short-term interest rates have ...

the rupee strengthened for a second day after us federal reserve chairman ben s bernanke said the us central bank was prepared to ...

the employees provident fund organisation (epfo) today selected four new fund managers state bank of india (sbi), ...

unhappy with the tardy pace of extending loans to farmers, the union government has asked public sector banks to prepare plans to ...

state bank of india (sbi) chairman pratip chaudhuri today said some benign inflation was needed for sustained growth and a high ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), on thursday said it would examine options like private ...

jpmorgan chase co, the second-largest us bank, said net income rose 13 per cent, higher than analysts estimated, as more ...

development credit bank (dcb) today said it reported a net profit of rs 8.8 crore for the quarter ended june 30 compared with a ...

with fixed deposit schemes offering 9.25-9.5 per cent for even one to two years, banks are seeing a slowing of current ...

the state-run bank of maharashtra (bom) today revised upwards its base and lending rates by 25 basis points (bps) each to 10.25% ...

sundaram finance ltd (sfl), a chennai-based nbfc, is planning to raise debt to the tune of rs 1,500-2,000 crore to support its ...

federal reserve chairman ben bernanke said on wednesday the central bank was ready to ease monetary policy further if the economy ...

the cabinet is likely to take up the issue of merging state bank of india commercial and international bank ltd (sbici) with ...

the indian overseas bank (iob) today said that it would require around rs 1,100-1,200 crore of capital to achieve it s 25 ...

sundaram finance ltd (sfl), a chennai-based nbfc, is planning to raise debt in the range of rs 1,500-2,000 crore to support ...

after coming down heavily on banks for not making adequate provision for increased pension liabilities arising out of wage ...

jpmorgan chase co and citigroup, which report earnings this week, are under pressure to show that banks can increase ...

top officials of the reserve bank of india (rbi) would meet the chiefs of both public as well as private sector banks on monday ...

payments and banking transactions through mobile phones in india are expected to touch $350 billion (rs 15,75,000 crore) by 2015, ...

yes bank in association with indian council for agricultural research and punjab agriculture university is working on pilot ...

bank advances continued to grow, albeit at a lower rate of 3.75 per cent in the april-june quarter, compared with five per cent ...

uco bank has decided to waive all the charges to attract more customers to the bank and boost its low-cost deposit. low-cost ...

bajaj finserv, the holding company for financial services businesses of the bajaj group, on wednesday said its consolidated net ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned rs 716.34 crore to andhra pradesh, out of the rs ...

uti asset management company, or uti amc, is planning to seek fresh approval from the securities and exchange board of india ...

indian bank plans to add 400 new branches this fiscal, adding to the existing network of 2,184 branches. it also has six overseas ...

the government is likely to consider merger of state bank of india commercial and international bank (sbici) with the country s ...

costlier diesel and lpg will weigh on inflation, which may further go up to 9.2- 9.7% in june, exerting pressure on the rbi to go ...

fears of a slowdown in the global economy are weighing heavy on foreign investment sentiments of indian companies in the current ...

icici bank, the largest private sector bank in india, is back as the preferred banker for infosys technologies, with the ...

high inflation and the sharp rise in interest rates by banks after the reserve bank of india s (rbi) monetary tightening has ...

the rupee weakened the most in almost two months as concern of europe s debt crisis worsening reduced the demand for ...

the government securities market provided annualised returns of 8.18 per cent in the last 10 years, according to a new gilt index ...

a favourite of many global chief executives and celebrities, the american express card, or amex card, now has a competitor in ...

transfer formalities at the regional transport office on purchase sale of vehicles can take time. while the process is pending, ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh) will be increasing its base rate (minimum lending rate) by 50 bps (basis points) from 9.5 per cent ...

indian bank has signed an agreement with sbi mutual fund to act as corporate agents to sell the latter s mutual fund products at ...

the combined flow of foreign direct and portfolio investments into the country for april-may rose to $ 9.74 billion, from $ 7.8 ...

the use of credit cards to make transactions has been increasing since february, even as the number of outstanding cards has been ...

deficient monsoon rains till early this month may hit inflation more than it hits economic growth in the current financial year, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday said the country would adopt a calibrated approach towards full capital account ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) action in raising rates appears more effective now than in the past, as commercial banks ...

hdfc bank, india s second-largest private sector lender, on monday raised its base rate by 25 basis points (bps) to 9.5 per ...

government borrowing through short-term debt rose in the first quarter of the current financial year, compared to the same ...

deutsche bank ag is likely to risk the pitfalls of dual chiefs to keep investment-banking head anshu jain while allaying doubts ...

accel partners, the globally-renowned venture capital and private equity fund, is set to embark on a fresh round of fund-raising ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned 117,141 projects for orissa under the rural ...

the second-largest private sector lender hdfc bank today followed its bigger peers to increase the base rate by 25 basis points ...

the punjab national bank (pnb) has registered an impressive annual growth of 35 per cent in the last fiscal year, said the bank s ...

the rupee may continue its winning rally against the dollar, as fund inflows are expected to be strong this week as well. ...

private sector banks in india say they re unlikely to witness any flight of deposits, even as fears of slow economic growth ...

the state-owned orissa state cooperative bank limited has disbursed around rs 1068 crore crop loan to 5.52 lakh farmers in the ...

three public sector lenders, including andhra bank, raised their base rates or the minimum lending rates by up to 50 basis points ...

private sector lender indusind bank posted a net profit of 52 per cent in the quarter ended june, owing to strong growth in core ...

just about a fortnight before the first quarterly review of the monetary policy statement by the reserve bank of india (rbi), ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) on friday said its net profit for the quarter ended june rose 22 per cent to rs ...

deutsche bank ag, germany s biggest bank, may name investment-banking head anshu jain co-chief executive officer (ceo) ...

vijaya bank hopes to reach its target in housing loan portfolio during the current financial year. this is despite the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has imposed a monetary penalty of rs 5 lakh on kolhapur district central co-operative bank ltd, ...

can the draft mfi legislation, if enacted by the parliament, help mircrofinance institutions (mfis) recover the rs 7,200-crore ...

the government today released new series coins of rs 1, 2, 5 and 10, bearing the rupee symbol, which will be in circulation soon. ...

insurance regulator irda today imposed a fine of rs 70 lakh on sbi life insurance for paying excess commission to the agents in ...

the reserve bank today imposed a penalty rs 5 lakh on kolhapur district central co-operative bank for violation of guidelines ...

expressing concern over rising bad loans with public sector lenders, finance minister pranab mukherjee today asked them to devise ...

adopting a cautious approach in the wake of supreme court asking the u p government to return land to original owners, country s ...

private sector indusind bank today posted a 52% jump in net profits for the first quarter ended june 30 at rs 180.18 crore, ...

though the finance ministry proposes to make the reserve bank of india (rbi) the sole regulator for the country s troubled ...

with clarity emerging on the manner microfinance institutions (mfis) are to be regulated, the shares of sks microfinance jumped ...

the provisions of the draft microfinance institutions (development and regulation) bill, released by the centre, seeking public ...

the debt restructuring package for microfinance institutions (mfis) has alarmed investors of share microfin, a hyderabad-based ...

european central bank president (ecb) jean-claude trichet is fighting a war on two fronts as he seeks to contain price pressures ...

goldman sachs co, a unit of the most profitable bank in wall street history, took $15 billion from the us federal reserve ...

lehman brothers holdings brokerage borrowed as much as $18 billion in four separate loans from a previously secret ...

amid signs of a slowdown, banks are likely to post a moderate growth in interest income due to modest credit off-take and ...

the state bank of india (sbi) on thursday said it would soon seek government approval for its rs 20,000-crore rights issue. the ...

state bank of india (sbi) the country s largest lender on thursday joined other banks in raising rates, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked banks to go slow on lending to the commercial real estate sector. the regulator fears ...

the international finance corporation (ifc) plans to make a minority equity investment of up to $2 million in chennai-based ...

for an industry which is likely to see half of its portfolio turning non-performing, the new bill on micro finance institutions ...

state bank of india (sbi) will seek the government s nod to raise rs 20,000 crore through the rights issue within this month, the ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee will review the annual performance of public sector lenders and financial institutions in a ...

country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today increased lending rates by 25 basis points (bps) and deposit rates by up ...

south-based dhanlaxmi bank today hiked its minimum rate of lending or the base rate by 25 basis points to 10.25%, in line with ...

country s largest lender state bank of india is likely to raise its minimum lending rate or base rate by 50-75 basis points later ...

despite concerns about a slowdown in demand for credit in a high interest rate scenario, the chairman of the indian banks ...

bank of india (boi) is targeting to sanction rs 700 crore advances during the current financial year in the visakhapatnam zone, ...

greek banks are willing to roll over their government bonds as part of a european union (eu) aid plan, finance minister evangelos ...

the prospect that portugal s eight-week-old rescue may fail to fix its finances sent bonds of debt- strapped euro ...

bangalore-based public sector lender canara bank opened 14 branches in tamil nadu on tuesday as part of its financial inclusion ...

bangalore-headquartered public sector lender vijaya bank has launched e-deposit facility to facilitate term deposits by customers ...

manappuram finance limited (mfl) has introduced a help line that allows customers, vendors, employees and investors to blow the ...

state bank of india is hopeful the government would approve its proposed rights issue of equity shares, aimed to raise rs 20,000 ...

dbs bank, singapore s largest lender, will look to enlarge operations in india, already its third biggest market globally, even ...

rising interest rates prevented many public sector undertakings (psus) from raising debt in the last financial year. reduced ...

speaking to business standard, magma fincorp ltd, zonal sales manager, sanjiv jha said, we expect that in the current ...

the policy, as the name suggests, provides term insurance to senior citizens.the minimum and the maximum entry age are 50 and 85, ...

purnendu chatterjee-led the chatterjee group (tcg) is planning to foray into the banking sector and may approach the reserve bank ...

private sector lender hdfc bank is set to take a call on raising its lending rates next week. we will review our base rate ...

standard chartered bank on wednesday dismissed reports that claimed it was being forced by the reserve bank of india (rbi) to ...

the government has proposed to bring all micro finance institutions (mfis) under the ambit of the reserve bank of india (rbi). ...

when ashish patkar wanted to buy an accidental death-benefit policy, he had the option to do so from a life insurer or a general ...

indian companies raised $2.65 billion through external commercial borrowings (ecbs) and foreign currency convertible bonds ...

banks with investments in excess of 10 per cent of their net worth in liquid and short-term debt schemes will get six months to ...

while bank advances were growing above 20 per cent yearly, lending to small and micro enterprises (smes) should also grow at a ...

indian overseas bank (iob) would increase the asset size of its overseas operations by raising medium-term notes (mtn) in ...

the government has signed an agreement with the international development association (ida), a concessionary lending arm of the ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor duvvuri subbarao on tuesday said policymaking by the central bank had been hit by the ...

jobless growth has found a new home india s life insurance companies. in the last financial year, private life ...

the raising interest rates leads to to increase in cost of capital is a matter of concern for the industry. any further price ...

reserve bank governor d subbarao today said consumer price index (cpi) works better than wholesale price index (wpi) in capturing ...

united stock exchange (use), engaged in currency futures and currency options trading, today said it has appointed state bank of ...

the reserve bank today extended the 10% ceiling of bank investment in liquid schemes of mutual funds to include short-term debt ...

rating agency standard and poor s (s p) on monday said india s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), may see ...

to facilitate the redemption of existing foreign currency convertible bonds (fccbs), the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday ...

six months after a rs 400-crore fraud was detected in its gurgaon branch, the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday rapped ...

standard chartered bank s aim of expanding its consumer banking business in south asia was strengthened when it convinced sanjeeb ...

the piper pa-31 navajo took off into the sultry miami morning and streaked southward toward the caribbean. high over haiti, the ...

recently, we bought a car on loan. the dealer gave us complimentary third-party motor insurance for the first year. however, we ...

at a time when the microfinance sector is reeling under a liquidity crisis, top microfinance institutions (mfis) such as sks and ...

good economic growth, favourable demographics and under-penetration is benefiting the banking sector with another good year ...

goldman sachs group inc appointed two senior bankers to run japanese equity and bond underwriting and set up a public-sector ...

the government has appointed harun rashid khan a deputy governor of the reserve bank of india (rbi). khan, who gets a three-year ...

mid and small-sized private banks are knocking on the doors of institutional investors and private equity funds to raise money ...

in a major exercise to boost its profitability, the department of posts (dop) plans to introduce core banking solution besides ...

amid difficulties faced by indian companies to repay loans taken under foreign currency convertible bonds (fccbs), the rbi today ...

while the fdi inflows from all the sources declined by 25% in 2010-11, the drop was steeper at about 33% to $6.98 billion from ...

dhanlaxmi bank, one of india s fastest growing mid-size private sector banks, today said it has entered the gold retailing ...

the eurozone approved its share of a euro 12 billion ($17.4 billion) aid payment for greece and pledged to complete work in the ...

life insurance companies and agents are looking at life beyond strict regulatory guidelines. lending a helping hand are ...

major public sector banks, including state bank of india, punjab national bank and bank of baroda, are likely to soon raise ...

the consumer affairs ministry will consult commodity market regulator fmc before taking a decision on nse s repeated request for ...

amid signs of an economic slowdown, high interest rate may impact credit growth and net interest margin of banks in a ...

standard chartered bank is likely to appoint its india chief neeraj swaroop as the regional chief executive officer for ...

unlike most indian movies that have a happily-lived-ever-after theme, there is no love lost between the indian film industry and ...

citigroup inc chief executive officer vikram pandit, who took a $1 salary after his bank received the most taxpayer assistance of ...

hdfc chairman deepak parekh has said he hopes the rbi would maintain status quo on rates during its monetary policy review ...

india s largest private sector lender, icici bank, on friday said it had raised its base rate, or the minimum lending rate, ...

abhyudaya co-operative bank ltd (acbl), one of the major co-operative banks in the country, on friday opened its four new ...

the country largest private sector lender, icici bank, today announced a hike of 25 basis points (bps) in its lending rate to ...

in order to check banking frauds, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today asked public sector lenders to promptly report cases of ...

housing finance regulator national housing bank (nhb) will raise rs 11,000 crore during the year to fund housing activities as ...

libyan dictator muammar gaddafi has suffered huge losses on various funds despite paying hefty fees, but his investment in icici ...

public sector bank employees have postponed their nationwide strike to august 5. bank employees had earlier said they would go on ...

private lender indusind bank aims to grow its credit card portfolio four-fold to rs 800-900 crore in the next three years. the ...

cheaper rates, new investor profiles, tax efficiencies and international operations see india inc making a beeline for overseas ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday said equity and preference shares could be issued to overseas parties, in cases dealt ...

the robust growth in exports and improved net invisible surplus has resulted in india s current account deficit (cad) declining ...

lesser participation from mutual funds, slow credit offtake and growth in retail deposits have deterred banks from taking up ...

bank loans to commercial real estate surged during the year ended may 20, registering a growth of 20 per cent, compared to a one ...

i have paid two annual premiums of rs 40,000 each for a unit-linked insurance plan (ulip) which is currently in loss. i also ...

standard poor s would cut the us credit rating to its lowest level and moody s investors service said it will ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today extended the time limit for buyback of foreign currency convertible bonds (fccbs) issued by ...

growth of credit offtake from banks to major sectors accelerated to 21.9% in may, as against 18.1% in the same month last year, ...

the proposed july 7 nationwide bank strike has been deferred to august 5 in view of the late beginning of the monsoon session of ...

the turnover of the commodity futures market has risen by 58.12% to rs 31,99,842 crore as of june 15 of the current fiscal, ...

national stock exchange (nse) has again approached the consumer affairs ministry to seek extension of three months to dilute its ...

the singapore exchange (sgx) today said it will scrap the 90-minute lunch break for trading from august 1 to help investors ...

providing ammunition to president barack obama in his battle with congressional republicans, the international monetary fund ...

the nashik district administration, as per rbi guidelines, has prepared rs 5,220.99 crores district-level annual credit plan for ...

with bank employees set to go on a strike on july 7, state-owned lenders today said they were taking steps to ensure their ...

canara bank became the first bank to raise its benchmark lending rate and its base rate after reserve bank of india (rbi) raised ...

credit suisse group, the second-biggest swiss bank, plans to cut more than 40 managing directors and directors at its investment ...

the world bank will submit a roadmap to the west bengal government regarding development of technical education in the state, ...

indian bank today said it would file a draft red herring prospectus (drhp) for its proposed follow-on public offer (fpo) in the ...

contingent convertible (coco) bonds will remain an option for boosting capital at the world s biggest banks even after the ...

despite the wide gap between demand for and supply of power, pace of funding for power projects is likely to remain slow. ...

the rupee gained the most since june 1 on optimism global funds are stepping up purchases of the nation s assets to benefit ...

state bank of india is considring a qualified institutional placement (qip) of shares in fy12, as its proposed rights issue of ...

higher deposit growth, owing to attractive interest rates and a slower pace of loan disbursements, led to narrowing of the gap ...

banks borrowed heavily from the reserve bank of india (rbi) on wednesday to shore up their balance sheets to meet their quarterly ...

despite being unable to come together to back a single candidate for the top job at the international monetary fund (imf), ...

christine lagarde may seek to distance herself from the europeans who helped her win the international monetary fund s top ...

bank of america corp, the biggest us bank, agreed to pay $8.5 billion to resolve claims over soured mortgages after bondholders ...

private sector life insurer metlife india today reported a net profit of rs 35.35 crore, first time since its incorporation, on ...

foreign fund flows into india have reduced significantly as the country witnessed inflows of just $40 million in the last three ...

kc chakrabarty, deputy governor, reserve bank of india believes that banking for the poor is always more viable than doing the ...

with bank employees set to strike work on july 7 in protest against the government s decision to dilute its equity in banks, psu ...

reserve bank deputy governor kc chakrabarty has called for changes in the rating and reporting standards of banks, saying a bank ...

banks are not likely to waive their demand for a personal guarantee from the promoter of future financial services for ...

giving credence to fears of slowdown, most banks expect disbursement of term loans to small and medium enterprises (sme) to slow ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked banks to compensate business correspondents adequately to make financial inclusion a ...

perturbed over low credit deposit ratio (cdr) in uttar pradesh, especially in the bundelkhand region, the state government may ...

uttar pradesh has achieved a milestone with utter completion of financial inclusion phase i, which stipulated that every ...

pune-headquartered bank of maharashtra has launched the co-branded credit card in association state bank of india for its ...

yields on government securities are expected to cool in the second half of the current financial year, provided markets secure ...

rising prices of food items, besides petroleum products and commodities, have burnt a hole in the pocket of the indian consumer ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor kc chakrabarty today called up on banks to begin a journey onto the path of ...

private sector indusind bank today said it plans to open about 400 branches over a period of three years to expand its presence ...

china s first audit of local government debt found liabilities of 10.7 trillion yuan ($1.7 trillion) at the end of last ...

jeevan arogya is the first defined health insurance product to be introduced by india s largest life insurance company, lic ...

edelweiss capital, the mumbai-based financial group, may look to infuse rs 40 crore -rs 60 crore of equity capital into its ...

after cheap toys, consumer goods and other manufactured products, cheaper loans could be the next major chinese import into ...

greek creditors may be headed toward a rollover agreement involving 70 percent of their bonds to prevent a default and meet ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday said it would announce the first quarter review of monetary policy 2011-12 on july 26, ...

at the peak of the global housing crisis in 2008, a group of executives at state bank of india (sbi) were busy devising a new ...

with investors being unsure of the mfi sector for time being, ahmedabad-based self employed women s association (sewa) promoted ...

stricter regulatory oversight and more demanding customers are forcing wealth management firms to change their client service ...

your plan to switch your existing health insurance policy from a non-life insurer to a life insurance company may not be ...

with the guidelines on infrastructure debt funds now in place, market participants expect these funds to be launched this ...

the finance ministry has decided to allow foreign direct investment (fdi) in proprietary trading, despite the reserve bank of ...

shriram transport finance company (stfc) is expecting good response to its non convertible debentures (ncd) issue from tier ii ...

india s largest private lender icici bank today said it would add new 1,500 branches in the next three years, taking the total to ...

after taking a significant hit on net profits in 2010-11, public sector banks (psbs) may now have to set aside funds for employee ...

the yield on the 10-year benchmark government bond 7.80 per cent is expected to harden on concerns that the fuel price rise will ...

the new non-banking finance company (nbfc), proposed by the andhra pradesh government to extend credit facility to the indira ...

overall, the bank targets to grow 18-20 per cent, spanning direct msme lending, re-financing through banks intermediaries and ...

the national stock exchange (nse) will launch interest rate futures on the 91-day treasury bills from july 4, which will help ...

european countries like spain, greece and italy are among the latest property buying destinations for indians in the holiday home ...

portability allows a policyholder to transfer the policy offered by one insurer to the other, while retaining the terms and ...

dwindling demand for loans, shrinking margins and higher provisioning requirements are likely to drag the earnings of banks in ...

the first-year premium collection by life insurance companies fell 12.3 per cent in april-may compared to the corresponding ...

idbi capital has won the mandate to manage the initial public offer (ipo) of national building construction corp ltd (nbcc). most ...

the growing young population in india would lead the country to become the hub for global manufacturing, which is currently ...

pune based, suryoday micro finance private limited, a new generation non-banking finance company engaged in providing loans to ...

the central board of trustees of the employees provident fund organisation (epfo) on friday decided to appoint an ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has postponed implementation of portability of health insurance ...

during 2010-11, sidbi s outstanding credit to the msme sector increased by 22% to rs 46,331 crore. its asset portfolio crossed rs ...

pronouncing nse guilty of abusing dominant market position, the competition commission has asked the bourse to pay a penalty of ...

employees provident fund organisation (epfo) has taken the measure to separate custodial services from the fund managers to ...

non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) should be allowed to raise funds through external commercial borrowings and foreign ...

in order to raise long-term resources for funding the infrastructure sector, the government today said infrastructure debt fund ...

the epfo s apex decision-making body, the central board of trustees (cbt), decided to extend the time line for appointment ...

access to microfinance by itself cannot be taken as financial inclusion, as the latter idea requires having an individual bank ...

india inc raised around $2.06 billion abroad in april through external commercial borrowings (ecbs) and foreign currency ...

batting for controls on capital flows, the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday said capital inflows much above a country s ...

alarmed by inflated valuations of real estate properties for the purpose of loans, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked all ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has cancelled the licence of pune-based siddharth sahakari bank ltd as it had ceased to be ...

the insurance sector in india is still far from solvency ii norms, as the country does not have the requisite statistical ...

the country s second-largest foreign lender hsbc india has posted a whopping 89% rise in net profit at rs 1,528 crore for the ...

the central information commission (cic) has directed the reserve bank of india to disclose an advisory note it issued to icici ...

ratings agency icra today said the asset quality of banks could deteriorate further to 2.7% of total advances in the current ...

the us federal agency overseeing fannie mae and freddie mac, the taxpayer-owned mortgage finance giants, failed to refer to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked the domestic mutual fund industry to come up with appropriate schemes to attract the ...

bank of india on wednesday inaugurated its first retail business centre in lucknow to help customers avail of ...

following a sharp rise in foreign business expansion, including mergers and acquisitions, guarantees for overseas joint ventures ...

state bank of india, the country s largest bank, may have pared its credit growth target to 16-19 per cent from 19-22 per ...

the base rate system, the cost-plus loan pricing regime introduced last year, has improved monetary policy transmission. however, ...

india s second largest bank pnb today said it would soon take a call on revising interest rates in response to rbi s tight ...

market players expect a pause in interest rate rises in the next three months following the reserve bank of india s move to ...

janalakshmi financial services, the bangalore-based micro finance institution (mfi) promoted by social entrepreneur ramesh ...

the interest rates on short-term debt instruments continued to fall, even as liquidity conditions worsened due to advance tax ...

shriram transport finance company (stfc) would raise interest rates on its commercial vehicle loans in the second quarter, as its ...

the country s second largest public sector lender punjab national bank (pnb) today said it may raise rs 2,000 crore from bonds by ...

united states federal reserve chairman ben s bernanke will probably delay the central bank s exit from record stimulus, ...

punjab national bank (pnb) will soon set up an agriculture training centre to train farmers in latest advancements in the farming ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee will meet the chiefs of public sector banks on july 8 to take stock of the current environment ...

state bank of india, the country s largest public sector bank, has lowered its credit growth target for the current year to ...

while corporate bond offerings in the tenors between two and five years have seen a sharp rise this financial year because of ...

self-help groups in the state are ready to evolve into the next stage by acquiring an economic base of operations such as ...

at a time when fee income from managing primary market issuances is down to a trickle, it is not surprising that investment ...

government-owned syndicate bank has shortlisted 12 insurance companies for a joint venture for its proposed foray into the life ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today said companies planning to raise share capital through public ...

bank employees across the country would hold a strike on july 7 to protest against the government s decision to dilute its ...

rating agency fitch today affirmed india s short-term foreign currency rating at f3 and the country ceiling at bbb- on ...

after restructuring debt of micro finance institutions (mfis), small industries development bank of india (sidbi) is planning to ...

the country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today said its credit growth might be 16-19% this fiscal, lower than ...

bank employees across the country will strike work on july 7 to protest against the government decision to dilute its equity in ...

shriram transport finance, the largest commercial vehicle financier in the country, plans to raise rs 1,000 crore by issuing ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) would soon begin inspecting the balance sheet of the maharashtra ...

the commercial banks have disbursed rs 38,243 crore to the priority sector in karnataka during fiscal 2010-11, achieving 98 per ...

state bank of india (sbi) aims to improve the quality of its assets in the coming quarters and has taken a slew of measures to ...

companies withdrawing funds from banks to meet advance tax obligations last week led to a decline in the liquidity scenario. this ...

after lying low since its foray into the credit card business two years ago, life insurance corporation (lic) of india on monday ...

citibank on monday said its stand-alone net profit from india operations for the year ended march 2011 surged 66 per cent to rs ...

public sector lender uco bank has launched its small and medium enterprises (sme) loan hub in bangalore in its bid to increase ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh) today announced a free personal accident cover of rs 1 lakh as an add-on service for its existing ...

manappuram group will mobilise rs 1,500 crore through a non-convertible debenture issue by next month. the debentures with a ...

irrespective of what the reserve bank of india (rbi) thinks about the role of microfinance institutions (mfis), the recent ...

as a princeton university professor, ben bernanke castigated the bank of japan in 2000 for a case of self-induced ...

the outgoing rbi deputy governor, shyamala gopinath, has defended higher provisionings that sbi made in q4 of 2010-11 which saw ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor shyamala gopinath, who retired today, said her gender was never an issue in her ...

union bank of india, the fifth largest nationalised bank in the country, is likely to revisit its credit growth projections for ...

more microfinance institutions (mfis) should be encouraged to enter the microfinance sector to reach out to the vast populace of ...

public sector lender vijaya bank is aiming to achieve 20 per cent growth in advances and 18 per cent in deposits in the current ...

punjab national bank is projecting a 20% growth in deposits and advances in the current year. despite the escalating rate of ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor k c chakrabarty today asked banks to increase their loan monitoring mechanism, ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has agreed to refinance 33 district central cooperative banks ...

standard chartered bank is likely to appoint sandeep das as head of its private banking business in india, sources said. it has ...

the yields on the 10-year benchmark 7.8 per cent government bond may ease or stabilise on lack of re-issuances. last week, the ...

public sector lender bank of india (boi) today said it was in talks with bharti axa and two other asset management companies for ...

india is likely to allow foreign individuals to invest in mutual funds in the next two weeks but with a cumulative cap of $10 ...

banking sector may face capital crunch if advances rise at a compound annual growth rate of nearly 17% in next few years, ...

the proposed initial share sale of leading commodity exchange mcx has been given a top rating by crisil, which has said the ipo ...

keeping in view the competition in the market place, idbi bank today kept its lending rates steady while it raised rates on ...

european finance ministers meet tomorrow to hammer out a new greek bailout package watertight enough to avoid triggering a ...

bank of maharashtra has set up a soil testing laboratory at bhigwan near pune with mahabank agricultural research and rural ...

union bank of india, the fifth nationalised bank in the country, is targeting a milestone business of rs 30,000 crore in andhra ...

the total disbursal of education loan in uttar pradesh by commercial banks, regional rural banks (rrb) and cooperative banks has ...

banks have been withdrawing from mutual funds after the regulator mandated a cap on their investments in liquid schemes in may ...

about 10 lakh bank employees across the country will go on strike on july 7 to protest against the government s policies on ...

after rising for three straight weeks, india s foreign exchange reserves dropped by $2.40 billion in the week ended june 10 on ...

a 25-bps increase in policy rates by rbi did not spring a surprise. however, the accompanying statement leaves no doubt that the ...

by raising the policy rates by a modest 25 basis points, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has again managed a difficult balance ...

the reserve bank has imposed a penalty of rs 5 lakh on rajkot-based jivan commercial cooperative bank for violation of various ...

australia and new zealand banking group (anz) today said it had re-entered the indian banking sector after a decade, opening its ...

ing vysya bank, based in this city, has raised rs 970 crore through qualified institutional placement (qip) and preferential ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has re-allocated the portfolios of its executive directors (eds) following the induction of two ...

gujarat-based mid-sized private enterprises with a turnover of around rs 200 crore seems is becoming favourite for the foreign ...

sundaram bnp paribas home finance, a 50.1 49.9 jv between sundaram finance ltd and bnp paribas, is expanding its presence into ...

while millions of us homeowners have negotiated lower monthly mortgage bills in an effort to avoid foreclosure, cecelia kirchman ...

just like a regular insurance cover for the house one is living in, one can also buy a cover for a property likely to remain ...

the private sector lender ing vysya bank today raised rs 970 crore through qualified institutional placements (qip) and ...

emis for home, auto and personal loans are set to go up again as the reserve bank of india (rbi) today hiked key interest rates ...

state-run idbi bank today said it was looking to raise $250 million (rs 111.94 crore) in the next three months through a bond ...

industry body assocham said the rbi s move to hike interest rates by 25 basis points today will further slow down fresh ...

inflation remained elusive and stubborn at near double-digit levels for several months. inflation in may, at above nine per cent, ...

with inflation hovering above the comfort zone, the reserve bank of india (rbi) may raise key policy rates by 25 basis points in ...

higher interest rates on bank deposits continued to attract funds, as the deposit base of banks grew by around rs 58,000 crore in ...

insurance companies will get another opportunity to bid for the union government s ambitious health insurance project, ...

federal reserve officials are discussing whether to adopt an explicit target for inflation, a strategy long advocated by chairman ...

jpmorgan chase co. (jpm) split retail banking head charles scharf s duties among three executives and ousted its ...

with competition in the banking sector heating up, the feedback on customer experience, perception and expectations is becoming ...

the biggest struggles in the recent past might have been surrounding land and land acquisition, but risk mitigation through an ...

bank-promoted life insurance companies have opposed the insurance regulatory and development authority s (irda) ...

jpmorgan chase co, the second- largest us bank, ousted mortgage chief david lowman after it overcharged active-duty ...

citigroup has earned a pre-tax profit of $160 million by selling 1.5 per cent of its stake in housing development finance ...

non-bank financial companies (nbfcs) will not be permitted to open branches abroad, the reserve bank of india said today. ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said high interest rates and a rise in non-performing assets (npas) may erode the ...

muthoot finance s method of raising money through gold bonds has been questioned by its competitors, including a few public ...

the reserve bank of india, in its financial stability report, today said banks should create adequate reserves to deal with ...

on a day when rising inflation numbers raised many a concern, the reserve bank of india (rbi) said rising prices and interest ...

the insurance sector s linkages with the rest of the financial system needs better monitoring, to avert any possible ...

high inflation and the consequential policy rate increases are likely to impact domestic growth in the future, said the reserve ...

state bank of india s specialised commercial branch (scb) under the mid corporate group has set a target of rs 600 crore ...

with an aim to regulate the credit system to the advantage of the country, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said non-banking ...

state-run lender bank of maharashtra (bom) today said it is aiming to increase its retail loan book to a quarter of its total ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today cautioned rising interest rate and high cost of funds could hurt the profitability of the ...

the four exchanges today appointed sungard as the technology provider of the business-to-business intra-asean cross-border order ...

max new york has launched a unit-linked insurance plan called fast track . pegged on the promise it will help ...

bond traders and officials at the european central bank (ecb) have been unified in their warnings that a restructuring of ...

with a proposed change in ownership, private non-life insurer bharti axa general insurance company is set to tweak its business ...

deutsche bank on monday said its standalone net profit from india operations was rs 630 crore for the year ended march 31, up 41 ...

banks on friday used the reserve bank of india s (rbi) marginal standing facility (msf) for the first time since its inception in ...

after revamping its business in 2010-11, fullerton india credit company, a temasek-owned finance company, plans to grow its loan ...

federal reserve bank of richmond president jeffrey lacker said the two-year-old us recovery may be unusually slow as employers ...

last week, reserve bank of india deputy governor k c chakrabarty slammed public sector banks (psbs) for the strange phenomenon of ...

with the payment of the first instalment of advance corporate tax and prospects of a 25-basis-point rise in policy rates, the ...

the market has already factored in a 25 basis points (bps) increase in key policy rates on thursday, when the reserve bank of ...

the new rules on foreign direct investment (fdi) in limited liability partnership (llp) firms seems to have excited many, ...

the federal reserve said it will expand a capital-planning program to the 35 largest us banks to ensure they have an adequate ...

the trend of farm credit disbursal by cooperative banks, which had dipped below the target in 2007-08 and 2008-09, has ...

the financial stability mandate given to central banks should be compatible with operation of monetary policy to manage inflation ...

in a reversal of its earlier stand, the reserve bank of india (rbi) on friday said financial stability cannot be its exclusive ...

taking a strong note of state bank of india s (sbi) huge profit erosion for march quarter due to a rise in provisions, the ...

most microfinance companies in india continue their struggle for survival. this is despite banks agreeing to recast the existing ...

the public sector bank is planning to add another 20 branches to the current 80 in the state. while canara bank saw rs 1000 crore ...

european central bank (ecb) president jean-claude trichet may signal the bank intends to raise interest rates in july after ...

icici bank, india s largest private sector lender, has lined up an exchange offer for its lower tier-ii bonds, worth $90 ...

following the government s push to increase trade between india and african countries and the growing investments by indian ...

the maharashtra cooperation department and the two government-appointed administrators have asked the statutory auditors of ...

state bank of india (sbi), india s largest public sector lender, is likely to complete a proposed rights issue of rs 20,000 ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) and the national bank for agriculture rural development (nabard) have given their ...

the rising cost of deposits may hit net interest margins (nims) of indian commercial banks by 25-50 basis points in the current ...

emerging-market economies, growing almost three times faster than their developed counterparts, needed to speed spending cuts and ...

citigroup inc agreed to sell $1.7 billion of leveraged buyout assets to axa sa s private equity unit as the third-biggest ...

wall street investors who started reinsurers after hurricane katrina in 2005 are again increasing bets on the industry to profit ...

financial firms, shunned by investors to a degree seen only once in the last 20 years, are becoming a smaller part of the u s ...

morgan stanley, owner of the world s largest brokerage, may eliminate more jobs at its wealth management unit, while ...

in a move to take insurance products to the doorsteps of customers, the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is ...

market participants feel the reserve bank of india (rbi) may raise rates till september. this sentiment was strongly reflected in ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today released regulatory guidelines for mergers and acquisitions ...

private lender ing vysya bank today said it plans to raise funds by issuing up to 28 million equity shares to the promoters and ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) executive director h r khan has emerged as the front runner for the post of deputy governor in the ...

as many as 18 out of 30 districts in orissa have a credit-deposit (cd) ratio less than the rbi (reserve bank of india) stipulated ...

bangalore-based public sector lender vijaya bank has raised its interest rates by 25 basis points to 50 basis points for various ...

in what could reform the interest rate structure of small saving schemes, a committee set up to review the national small savings ...

in run-up to implementing a single-window online clearance system nicknamed nivesh mitra , uttar pradesh industrial ...

a failure by european regulators to make banks raise enough capital to withstand a sovereign default is complicating efforts to ...

the federal reserve supports a proposal at the basel committee on banking supervision that calls for a maximum capital surcharge ...

high inflation is the biggest risk that banks in india and other countries of the asia-pacific region face, standard ...

icici bank has emerged as the single indian entity considered worth investing by libyan dictator muammar gaddafi and the ...

india has 62,000 ultra high net worth households, with an average net worth of rs 75 crore. in five years, the number of such ...

geojit bnp paribas financial services consolidated net profit for the 2010-11 fiscal has come down to rs 29.02 crore as against ...

the reserve bank of australia may resume lifting the developed world s highest borrowing costs in july or august to counter ...

german lenders were the biggest foreign owners of greek government bonds, with $22.7 billion in holdings last year, making them a ...

jpmorgan chase co commercial banking chief, todd maclin, and international operations head, heidi miller, are likely to ...

there is nothing new in a government-owned bank facing profit pressures due to provisioning immediately after a chairman retires. ...

with liquidity expected to tighten further, owing to the corporate advance tax outflow scheduled for mid-june, banks are seeking ...

the dollar s best monthly performance since november may prove fleeting as a slowing us economy and falling short-term ...

buying insurance for your vehicle is no guarantee that the insurer will pay for all damages. insurers can reject claims that do ...

a string of disappointing economic data capped by last week s jobs report is prompting even some of the more optimistic ...

french finance minister christine lagarde will be in india tomorrow to garner support for her candidature for the imf head, ...

ahead of its mid-quarterly policy review, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it is monitoring the economic data and also ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) wants more and more banks to launch services on mobile, its deputy governor shyamala gopinath ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has advised public not to fall prey to fictitious information of being beneficiary of funds such ...

bank of india is aiming for a 50 per cent growth in business during the current financial year from the southern region, which ...

according to figures released by state level bankers committee (slbc), of the total target of rs 1640.68 crore of agri-term ...

the majority of the companies that made their debut on the bourses in the year 2011 are trading well below their issue price, ...

asked by the government for suggestions on a new set of rules for ownership and governance of the stock exchanges, the industry ...

while everyone else is revising the indian economy s growth estimate for the current financial year, the reserve bank of ...

banks may have provided a breather to micro finance institutions (mfis) by giving up their demand on promoters personal ...

asian currencies gained for a third week on speculation regional central banks will keep raising interest rates to stem ...

the ministry of commerce and industry would initiate talks with reserve bank of india (rbi), indian banks association and the top ...

the insurance laws (amendment) bill is set to miss another deadline of parliament s standing committee on finance, even as ...

infrastructure development finance company (idfc) and khazanah, investment holding arm of the malaysian government, will form a ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today allowed urban cooperative banks (ucbs) to give loans to self help groups (shgs), a move ...

the country s foreign exchange reserves rose for the second consecutive week, swelling by $1.68 billion to $310.21 billion.

state-run lender corporation bank said it would recruit 1,200 people this fiscal with an aim to achieve its target of adding 200 ...

insurance sector regulator irda today said guidelines to allow life insurance companies to raise funds from the capital market ...

the centre today appointed prakash bakshi as the new chairman of the national bank for agriculture and rural development ...

cholamandalam ms general insurance company ltd (chola ms), a joint venture between chennai-based murugappa group and japanese ...

the working group set up by the reserve bank of india (rbi) has recommended steps to make card transactions safer. however, this ...

the pension fund regulatory and development authority (pfrda) today said it favoured retaining the cap on investment in equities ...

the government today said there was a need to amend the banking regulation act which will enable the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

stung by a series of frauds in the financial sector over the past six months, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today unveiled ...

a maharashtra state-level committee of bankers would take up the issue of increasing commercial banks exposure to crop ...

around 350,000 villages across india would secure access to financial services offered by banks in the next two financial years, ...

banks have not yet started offering fresh loans to microfinance institutions (mfis), which are currently battling a crisis of ...

housing finance companies (hfcs) are set to face higher provisioning norms, as the national housing bank (nhb), the regulator for ...

european central bank (ecb) president jean- claude trichet said governments should consider setting up a finance ministry for the ...

westbridge capital partners, which was revived during mid-february 2011, is understood to have got soft commitments to the tune ...

amid rising instances of debit and credit card frauds, an rbi panel has recommended that banks should put in place secure systems ...

murugappa group s company cholamandalam ms general insurance is aiming for 40% growth this fiscal, a top company official today ...

pension fund regulatory and development authority (pfrda) today said it would like to maintain the 50% limit on investment in ...

the national housing bank today said there has been a slowdown in the growth of housing loan uptake due to higher interest rates ...

come september and initial public offers (ipos) of companies with paid-up capital of upto rs 25 crore will not require market ...

hinduja group-promoted indusind bank today signed an agreement with business solutions provider electracard services (ecs) for ...

i am 34 years of age and earn rs 28,000 a month. i plan to retire around 50. i need a substantial corpus to take care of all my ...

the life insurance corporation (lic) of india s south zone, which covers andhra pradesh and karnataka, has registered a total new ...

bank deposits continued to rise, owing to attractive interest rates on retail and corporate deposits. according to data released ...

despite the high loan rates, the issuance of commercial papers (cps) is yet to pick up, primarily owing to the lack of investor ...

after losing euro 8,000 on an interest-rate swap sold with her mortgage, maria jesus del rio joined demonstrators in her home ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao said banks would need to increase their capital going forward to meet rising ...

the dollar beat stocks, commodities and bonds in its first monthly gain since november, as the euro-region debt crisis deepened ...

with an eye on the business from the $1-trillion infrastructure financing market, il fs financial services ltd (ifin) has ...

first-year premium collection by life insurance companies declined 11.89 per cent in april, compared to the corresponding period ...

the singapore exchange (sgx) on wednesday announced it would start clearing of non-deliverable forwards (ndf) of asian currencies ...

insurance companies often trample on consumers right to information by suppressing material information. despite specific ...

public sector union bank of india (ubi) today announced a revision of rates in both foreign currency and rupee term deposits by ...

private sector lender indusind bank today said it plans to open nearly 150 branches in the country during fy12 to take its total ...

citigroup is nearing an agreement with china-based orient securities company to set up a joint-venture securities business that ...

state bank of india (sbi) seeks to explore project financing opportunities in qatar as the country scales up infrastructure ...

the india agri-business fund (iabf), rabobank s private equity arm, and international finance corporation (ifc), along with ...

manappuram general finance and leasing limited (mgfl), a non-banking finance company, will issue bonus shares at 1 1 ratio. the ...

despite economic growth declining to 78 per cent in the fourth quarter of 2010-11, the reserve bank of india (rbi) is expected to ...

despite most banks raising their lending rates towards the end of the last financial year, the demand for home loans remains ...

infrastructure development finance corporation ltd (idfc), is set to wind up idfc projects, its projects development business. ...

central bank of india chairman and managing director s sridhar on tuesday said the industry s non-performing assets (npas) ...

the country s largest life insurer, life insurance corporation of india (lic), today launched a new health insurance plan, ...

the general insurance industry s gross premium income rose 20 per cent in april, compared to the corresponding period last ...

sundaram finance ltd, the majority stakeholder in chennai-based general insurance company royal sundaram alliance insurance ...

credit offtake from banks to major sectors accelerated in april this year, registering a growth of over 22.1% as against 17.1% in ...

the general insurance industry, comprising four public sector entities, grew by 20% in april this year compared to the same month ...

reserve bank of india s technical advisory committee (tac) on monetary policy had considered increasing the statutory ...

higher provisions for commercial third-party motor pool losses dragged reliance capital s consolidated net profit for the ...

the national civil aircraft development project is set to be launched by january next year, and the total investment for the ...

overnight money market rates are likely to stabilise this week, as banks would have met most of their reserve needs in the first ...

city union bank (cub) has said that it would require around rs 3,000 crore capital to reach its targeted rs 30,000 crore total ...

central bank of india is expecting to invest around $ 50 million (around rs 227 crore) in next the two to three years for setting ...

global chip maker intel sees big opportunity in rbi s financial inclusion programme and is all set to launch its universal ...

sebi has begun a probe into possible use of fake bids for artificially pushing up the subscription levels in numerous ipos over ...

having raised rs 290 crore of tier-i capital through a preferential allotment, south-based dhanlaxmi bank is planning to raise ...

hyderabad-based sks microfinance limited, the only listed microfinance institution (mfi) in the country, on saturday stated that ...

the dollar fell for a second week against its major trading partners as reports showing growth cooled in the us fueled ...

an indian-origin hedge fund manager in the us has pleaded guilty to his involvement in insider trading schemes and could face up ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today asked banks to resolve customer complaints related to failed atm transactions within seven ...

expectations that the reserve bank of india (rbi) may continue making funds dearer to tame inflation and increased government ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has shot down a proposal for merger of an old generation private sector bank and a new-age ...

in a move that will give indian companies more flexibility in managing international joint ventures (jvs) and wholly-owned ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today clarified that a non-banking finance company (nbfc) together with its subsidiaries and ...

according to industry insiders, deutsche bank has monetised around 300 acres of land during the past year and has another 50 ...

public sector central bank of india today said it was planning overseas expansion with an aim to have a strong presence in ...

under the financial inclusion plan, a total of 836 villages in orissa having population of over 2,000 persons have been provided ...

the government may explore the capital market route to allow foreign investors in the proposed infrastructure debt fund, economic ...

higher provisioning, on account of non-performing assets and employee costs, especially for public sector banks, weighed on the ...

banks should have the power to decide on their own structure, terms and conditions, and charges for opening and maintenance a ...

uncertainty continued to loom over the appointment of the chairman of life insurance corporation (lic) of india, the country s ...

muthoot finance limited (mfl), a kochi-based gold financing company, reported a net profit of rs 494 crore for the year ended ...

the state level bankers committee (slbc) has proposed a rs 73,450-crore annual credit plan for the priority sector in ...

european central bank officials may have more scope to cope with a greek restructuring than they are letting on even as policy ...

credit suisse group ag (cs), goldman sachs group inc (gs) and royal bank of scotland group plc (rbs) each borrowed at least $30 ...

country s biggest lender state bank of india (sbi) today said it will submit the revised proposal to the government for rs 20,000 ...

market regulator sebi today said it will probe alleged irregularities in subscription of shares of sponge iron producer vaswani ...

the government has appointed life insurance corporation of india s (lic) managing director dk mehrotra as the acting chairman of ...

the reserve bank will soon release guidelines for implementing its proposal to locate at least a quarter of the new bank branches ...

finance ministry today pitched for a middle path on jalan committee suggestions on a new set of rules regarding the ...

in order to provide financial services to its indian customers, the global electronics major siemens today said it has been ...

a special central bureau of investigation judge in bhopal on tuesday sentenced one year rigorous imprisonment and a fine of rs ...

bank of india s board has approved the proposal to raise funds by issuing 180 million fresh shares. this would help the bank ...

the union government has proposed that public sector banks should set quarterly targets for credit disbursal to avoid bunching of ...

in a bid to expedite the implementation of financial inclusion plan (fip) in gujarat, the national bank for agriculture and rural ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today asked banks not to extend loans against indian depository receipts (idrs) issued by foreign ...

a working group of the reserve bank of india has recommended that derivative deals both forward and swap worth ...

banks are gearing up to face further liquidity tightening, owing to advance tax outflows in mid-june. bankers say retail and bulk ...

thrissur-based catholic syrian bank (csb) has registered a seven-fold growth in net profit during the financial year 2010-11 to ...

state-owned bank of india (boi) today said it would raise funds by issuing up to 18 crore fresh shares through public offer or ...

in order to improve transparency and avoid build up of a financial crisis, a reserve bank of india (rbi) panel today suggested ...

private sector dhanlaxmi bank today said it proposes to raise up to rs 290.53 crore by way of preferential allotment of equity ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said banks can not extend loans against indian depository receipts (idrs) issued by ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) should keep its key rates high not just to fight inflation, but also to prevent the formation of ...

private equity (pe) players across the world have offloaded stakes worth $85 billion so far in the second quarter of the 2011 ...

a financial stability development council s (fsdc) sub committee, in its meeting today, discussed the regulatory gaps in the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said state governments should improve efficiency through better planning, robust cash ...

following the reserve bank of india s (rbi) objection, government-owned uco bank has declassified loans worth rs 4,000 ...

amid the slow credit demand in a rising interest rate regime, several public and private sector banks are queuing for the rs ...

family-promoted businesses are now attracting a large number of private equity (pe) and venture capital (vc) funds. during ...

the maharashtra government has taken steps to enable the maharashtra state cooperative bank (msc bank) get refinance of up to rs ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has relaxed the eligibility norms for using credit default swaps (cds) on corporate bonds. the ...

the finance ministry may have to borrow more from the market this year because a higher refund outgo has left the revenue ...

mangalore headquartered private sector lender, karnataka bank has registered a 22.56 per cent rise in its net profit to rs 90.82 ...

star union dai-ichi (sud) life insurance co ltd, a joint venture of public sector banks bank of india and union bank of india and ...

the reserve bank today came out with a credit default swap (cds) guidelines that would allow corporate entities including ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has sought the life insurance council s views on a revised draft of the ...

despite the proposals in the new direct taxes code (dtc), which are expected to hit the industry, and flat growth in renewal ...

the employees provident fund organisation (epfo) is crunching its numbers under pressure for sustaining a 9.5 per cent ...

rating agency crisil on monday said listed companies which raised money through foreign currency convertible bonds (fccbs) should ...

private sector lender yes bank is planning to open 100-150 branches in the southern region of the country in the next three years ...

at a time when customer service and satisfaction is becoming the key to success for life insurance companies, the claim ...

the gap between longer-term us government bond yields and shorter maturities is the steepest ever during this point of an ...

after working with the world bank for two decades, shekhar shah felt he had reached a fork in the road when the opportunity to ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee on monday said introduction of security features in all denominations of indian bank notes was ...

in an effort to improve due diligence, the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday asked banks to seek information from their ...

kohlberg kravis roberts co lp and international finance corporation (ifc) have invested rs 440 crore in magma fincorp, a ...

banks are reluctant to offer fresh term loans to microfinance institutions (mfis) that have opted for debt restructuring, unless ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee today said 73,000 villages with a population of over 2,000 persons will be brought under formal ...

in order to increase insurance penetration, the regulator irda is contemplating allowing banks to sell products of more than one ...

state-owned central bank of india today said it is expecting a credit growth of 22.5% and net interest margin (nim) of 3.5% ...

the department of disinvestment (dod) has put severe restrictions on investment bankers seeking to participate in offers of ...

yields on the 10-year benchmark 7.8 per cent government bond could move further up, as rate increase concerns loom in the ...

as many as six companies that made their debut on bse in the current fiscal are trading well below their issue price, resulting ...

the government will begin tomorrow its consultations with various stakeholders regarding a new set of rules on how stock ...

a bank cannot be compelled to provide loan under any law or procedure to a consumer and the latter cannot demand ...

finance minister pranab mukehjee on saturday said the rise in non-performing assets (npa) of public sector banks in the last ...

idbi capital markets ltd, a subsidiary of idbi bank, is reworking its businesses to focus on mid-sized companies. the company is ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard), karnataka, is in talks with the bangalore electricity supply ...

at least five institutions, including axis bank and sbi card, have shown interest in buying the credit card business of barclays ...

country s forex reserves slid for the second consecutive week falling by $2.042 billion to $307.49 billion on the back of a ...

bank employees and officers union today threatened to go on all-india strike on july 7 to protest against proposed banking sector ...

credit loans dispensed by commercial banks increased by 27% during october-december period last fiscal, suggesting heightened ...

the rupee advanced by another 12 paise to 44.85 against the dollar today on persistent selling of the greenback by banks and ...

bangalore-based public sector lender vijaya bank plans to ramp up its merchant banking services by setting up a syndication unit ...

icici bank, india s largest private lender, is set to tap overseas markets to raise $750 million-1 billion through debt ...

with just over a fortnight left for banks and microfinance companies to agree on the debt recast package, the corporate debt ...

i have heard that those who drink and or smoke have to pay a higher premium. i drink once or twice a week (around 180 ml a week) ...

federal bank today said the two-day strike (may 19 and 20) by the officers association was unwar-ranted. federal bank ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned rs 2.05 crore to the state agriculture department ...

citigroup inc chief executive officer vikram pandit may collect at least $42 million under a retention award program, assuming ...

sks microfinance has raised rs 600 crore through securitisation this month, including a rs 50-crore deal comprising 65,438 rated ...

star union dai-ichi (sud) life insurance co ltd, a joint venture of public sector bank of india and union bank of india and ...

insurance companies always insist on an advance receipt from the insured. this gives them full and final discharge to coerce an ...

banks have shown little progress in the areas of mobile banking and cash at point-of-sales (pos) terminals, even after nearly two ...

the maharashtra state cooperative bank (msc), whose board was superseded 11 days earlier, had actually improved its numbers ...

experian, a global information, analytical tools and marketing services company, is exploring acquisition opportunities in india. ...

corporation bank is planning to double its business in andhra pradesh during the current financial year, according to its ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has increased the provisioning norms for certain categories of non-performing assets and ...

deposits of scheduled commercial banks continue to decline since the beginning of the current financial year, as banks repay the ...

state bank of india chairman pratip chaudhuri today said his bank followed a zero-tolerance policy on any incident ...

credit offtake from banks grew 22.6% for the one year period ended may 6, 2011, to over rs 40 lakh crore, indicating an upswing ...

consequent to revision in wages in accordance with the ninth bipartite settlement and the proposed amendment to the sbi pension ...

the international monetary fund (imf) needs to find an interim replacement for its embattled chief dominique strauss-kahn, who is ...

higher provisioning sharply dragged the net profit of state bank of india, the country s largest lender, by 99 per cent to ...

the rates on certificates of deposits (cds) across maturities have increased by at least 50 basis points in the last month, owing ...

after micro finance, micro housing is becoming a buzz word. the sector is not only attracting domestic companies, but also luring ...

bhartiya samruddhi finance, a microfinance institution promoted by social entrepreneur vijay mahajan, plans to raise up to rs ...

market regulator sebi, which receives well over 100 investor complaints a day, plans to initially have about 10 agents at its ...

america s top six credit card companies are giving investors more evidence that card users are in control of their spending and ...

life insurance companies have started to cut down their workforce and branch network following tougher norms that came into force ...

goldman sachs group inc is seeking money to bankroll fledgling hedge funds, its second attempt since 2008 to break into a ...

with increasing third-party motor pool losses, the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) might do away with it ...

riding high on strong cash flow, indian companies are looking to invest in acquisitions and increase their business aggressively ...

state-run national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has been without a chairman for the last five months, ...

pointing to stickiness of high commodity prices, the reserve bank of india on monday said prices would not come down sharply in ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday said growth in the short term may have to be sacrificed to tame rising prices. ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor subir gokarn today said that fuel prices have become significant contributor to ...

tightening the norms for foreign exchange risk cover, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said only companies with a networth ...

the bank has also raised its retail lending rate by 0.50% to 16.25% a year from 15.75% a year with effect from the same date.

standard chartered bank s plan to offer a short-term loan to share microfin to allow the company redeem non-convertible ...

the yields on treasury bills are expected to move up, as the government is set to borrow more via these short-term instruments ...

indiafirst life insurance company ltd, a joint venture of the bank of baroda, andhra bank and uk-based legal general, is ...

the value of transactions carried out through cheques declined by 2.6% to rs 101.33 lakh crore in fy11 and only delhi and ...

short-term retail fixed deposit (fd) rates have gone up sharply in the past few days, with banks offering better rates on ...

competition watchdog cci has issued a show cause notice to the national stock exchange (nse) asking why a penalty should not be ...

the bangalore-based company reported 49% growth in net profit in fy11. at the end of march the profit after tax of ujjivan stood ...

china raised banks reserve requirements for the fifth time this year to restrain prices, underscoring the risk that ...

the andhra pradesh regional office of nabard (national bank for agriculture and rural development) has sanctioned rs 28.5 crore ...

indiafirst life insurance company ltd, a joint venture between bank of baroda, andhra bank and uk-based legal general, ...

sks microfinance on thursday challenged in the supreme court the special act passed by the andhra pradesh government to regulate ...

private sector lender hdfc bank on thursday said it raised rs 3,650 crore from bonds to fund business growth. the bank had issued ...

goldman sachs group plans to set up a yuan-denominated private equity fund in china, according to two people with knowledge of ...

cash-strapped microfinance companies that plan to restructure their debts have requested banks for additional loans of rs ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today pitched for more foreign direct investment (fdi) into the country, even as it expressed ...

private power producer tata power plans to issue rs 1,500 crore of perpetual bonds in the domestic market. the issue is expected ...

public sector lender syndicate bank today registered a net profit of rs 289 crore for the quarter ended march 31, a 72 per cent ...

kicking off the rewriting of legislations in the financial sector, the financial sector legislative reforms commission (fslrc) ...

hong kong and shanghai banking corporation (hsbc) expects the profit before tax from its business in india to cross $1 billion in ...

global banking major hsbc today said india is one of its key markets for growth and profits from the country will cross the ...

sks microfinance today challenged in the supreme court the special act passed by the andhra pradesh government to regulate ...

in line with the industry trend, hdfc bank has decided to raise lending rates by 55 basis points and deposits rates by up to 125 ...

private sector general insurer icici lombard gic ltd has tied up with air india express to provide travel insurance solutions to ...

banks plan to convert a part of their loans to microfinance institutions (mfis) into equities if micro lenders fail to repay ...

robust demand from mid and small-sized indian companies is driving the fund raising exercise by public sector banks from ...

tata capital ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of tata sons, today said it had raised $800 million (rs 3,570 crore)for its private ...

owing to robust demand from indian corporates, public sector lenders bank of india (boi) and indian overseas bank (iob) plan to ...

volvo financial services, the finance arm of the volvo group, has formed an alliance with srei bnp paribas to launch a private ...

in an effort to tighten regulatory oversight on foreign banks operating in india, the reserve bank of india on wednesday said ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic), the largest institutional investor in the country, plans to invest rs 60,000 crore in ...

all insurance policies stipulate a time frame for lodging a claim after the incident of loss. for mediclaim policies, it was 30 ...

in line with the industry trend, hdfc bank has decided to hike lending rates by 55 basis points (bps) and deposits rates by up to ...

transaction through credit cards in the country went up by 22.15% during 2010-11, touching rs 75,515.68 crore in value terms.

country s second-largest public sector lender punjab national bank (pnb) today said an increase in savings interest rate to 4% ...

private insurer max new york life today said it has received all regulatory approvals to dilute 4% stake to its bancassurance ...

idbi bank today said it is looking at raising a syndicated loan of $225 million in overseas market this fiscal for which the ...

concerned over the way the foreign banks are functioning in the country, the reserve bank today said that their indian chief ...

state bank of india (sbi), india s largest lender, has increased its base rate and its benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) ...

the union cabinet is likely to approve a proposal to grant autonomy to the india infrastructure finance company ltd (iifcl), ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao said the concerns of capital inflows in india due to the interest rate ...

sks microfinance, whose shares have slumped 42 per cent in the last three weeks on losses and low recovery in andhra pradesh, its ...

ivrcl assets and holdings limited, a subsidiary of hyderabad-based ivrcl infrastructures and projects limited, on tuesday said ...

the karnataka vikas grameena bank (kvgb) has registered a 50.5 per cent rise in its net profit at rs 95.17 crore it recorded ...

housing development finance corporation ltd (hdfc), india s largest housing finance company, on tuesday posted net profit ...

the dream that turned sour for many a retail investor long before has now begun to hurt the smarter ones, too. early birds who ...

chennai-based indian overseas bank (iob) today said it plans to raise the overseas business contribution from 10% to 15% in the ...

expecting pressure on company financials in the near term, sks microfinance today said it will start focusing on non-core ...

private sector company ing life insurance today reported a loss of rs 70 crore for the financial year ended march 31, 2011, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today set up a committee for streamlining foreign exchange transactions and also invited comments ...

fearing possible black money flow and terror financing risks from iran and north korea into the indian stock market, sebi has ...

the country s oldest stock exchange, the bse, is looking to revive its wholesale debt trading platform with the waiver of annual ...

the us internal revenue service (irs) has asked hsbc bank to provide information on incomes of us residents who may be using ...

mangalore-headquartered public sector lender, corporation bank has opened a new micro-finance branch in hyderabad in its bid to ...

bangalore-headquartered public sector lender state bank of mysore is likely to sanction a loan of around rs 500 crore to the ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor duvvuri subbarao on monday said the central bank should move towards setting up a monetary ...

crisil ratings has said the microfinance institutions (mfis) sector is likely to see consolidation over the medium term, since ...

the additional liquidity adjustment facility (laf) given to banks to tide over the funds crunch during the second half of ...

federal bank s net profit for the fourth quarter increased 46.96 per cent to rs 171.72 crore as against rs ...

kotak mahindra bank has revised its base rate and benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) by 50 basis points each. the bank s ...

after starting operations in the us, mahindra mahindra financial services ltd (mmfsl) now plans to enter south korea, south ...

country s largest private sector lender icici bank has revised allowances paid to its executive directors, including that of its ...

singapore mercantile exchange (smx) today said it is including in its advisory board gn bajpai, former chairman of the securities ...

private sector lender development credit bank (dcb) today said it has hiked both its base rate and benchmark prime lending rate ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today raised housing loan limit to up to rs 25 lakh against the existing rs 20 lakh to be ...

state-run indian bank is expected to mop up over rs 1,300 crore from its follow on public offer, which may hit the market in ...

government-run general insurance firm united india insurance company, is targeting a business of rs 8,000 crore in the fiscal ...

the bangalore-based public sector lender, canara bank, is hopeful of seeing its advances grow over 25 per cent during the present ...

indonesia s central bank has barred citigroup from opening new branches in that country for one year besides slapping a slew of ...

public sector lender indian bank is looking to hire merchant bankers to advise it on a proposed rs 61 crore follow-on public ...

to tap the high-growth potential in the small-and-medium-enterprises (sme) sector, public lender uco bank plans to open 37 sme ...

microfinance institutions (mfis) in andhra pradesh are in a state of confusion as some of the recommendations made by the reserve ...

bank account holders cheers after the rbi hiked the rates on saving accounts could be short-lived, as the banks are likely to ...

the reserve bank is likely to make it mandatory for foreign banks in the country to operate as wholly-owned subsidiaries, in line ...

the united commercial bank has moved the delhi high court challenging an income tax notice that slapped a penalty of over rs 54 ...

insurers see a 15-20 per cent rise in terror cover premium in six months, with increased threats of retaliation by terrorist ...

the state registrar of cooperative societies, on the recommendations of reserve bank of india (rbi), has superseded the board of ...

the existing interest rates for 15-29 and 30-45 days period has not been raised from the present 3.25 and 3.75%, respectively for ...

two banks including state bank of travancore (sbt) today raised lending rates by 50 basis points which will make auto, home and ...

china today refuted reports that it suffered $271.1 billion loss since 2003 due to dollar depreciation, saying that ratio of the ...

state-owned indian overseas bank (iob) today raised its base rate by 50 basis points (bps) to 10%, within days of the reserve ...

joining the rate hike bandwagon, state-run lender indian bank on thursday raised its lending rates by 50 basis points, within ...

andhra bank has reported 30 per cent growth in net profit to rs 312.78 crore for the quarter ended march 31, 2011, from rs 240.26 ...

kotak mahindra bank on thursday said its consolidated net profit for the quarter ended march rose 17 per cent to rs 491 crore ...

public sector lender canara bank registered 79 per cent growth in net profit to rs 899 crore in the fourth quarter of 2010-11, on ...

cholamandalam investment and finance company ltd (cifcl), part of the murugappa group, is set to foray into gold loan business, ...

the spreads on the aaa rated three-year corporate bonds over government securities of a similar tenure are at a ...

european central bank (ecb) president jean-claude trichet may indicate how fast he s prepared to raise interest rates to ...

the government has started the process to identify a replacement for shyamala gopinath, deputy governor of the reserve bank of ...

my insurance agent told me about an endowment plan and a money-back plan, both offered by a private sector life insurance ...

public sector indian bank today said it will raise over rs 61 crore by way of further share sale offer, which is likely to hit ...

country s biggest lender from the co-operative space, saraswat bank, has posted a 78% growth in net profit at rs 212.27-crore in ...

joining the rate hike bandwagon, state-run lender indian bank today raised its lending rates by 50 basis points, within days of ...

credit offtake from banks grew by over 22% for the one year period ended april 22, 2011, to over rs 40 lakh crore, indicating an ...

the indian rupee weakened by 8 paise to rs 44.56 against the us dollar in early trade on the interbank foreign exchange today, in ...

ing life india, part of the ing group, has tied up with visakhapatnam district central co-op bank. the cooperative bank will ...

us senators formally referred to the justice department and the securities and exchange commission (sec) an investigative report ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is considering introduction of futures contracts with two-year and five-year government bonds as ...

the maximum value of such prepaid semi-closed m-wallets shall not exceed rs 50,000, said an rbi notification. ...

the union government has approved indian bank s proposed follow-on public offer (fpo), through which the bank plans to ...

new private banks are contemplating forays into the secured retail loan market through distribution tie-ups, instead of launching ...

standard chartered today said it recorded a double-digit growth in its income in the first three months of the year. the rise was ...

in what could be a serious blow to the united progressive alliance (upa) government, parliament s standing committee on ...

after the reserve bank of india (rbi) raised key policy rates by 50 basis points (bps), lenders have started raising their base ...

bangalore-based public sector lender, canara bank, today revised its benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) upwards by 50 basis ...

a day after the rbi raised policy rates, pnb today raised lending rates by 50 basis points, making home, auto and other loans ...

indian overseas bank posted an increase of 240 per cent in net profit for the fourth quarter ended march 31, 2011, at rs 434.30 ...

rate hike by the reserve bank of india (rbi) is going to impact the real estate industry with a possible fall in the sales ...

t s vijayan, whose five-term as the chairman of government-owned life insurance corporation of india (lic) ended today, is likely ...

deutsche bank ag, germany s biggest bank, was sued for more than $1 billion by the us government, which claims it ...

according to a senior official, the bank has recorded a quantum jump in its gross profit for the year ended march 31, 2011, at rs ...

not all life insurance policies disclose their charges to policyholders. traditional insurance policies do not disclose the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on tuesday raised the savings bank interest rate by 50 basis points to 4 per cent a move ...

south indian bank has earned a net profit of rs 293 crore in 2010-11 as against rs 234 crore in the previous year, ...

investors dumped interest rate-sensitive stocks on tuesday after the reserve bank of india (rbi) increased its key policy rates ...

the state bank of india (sbi) has said that deregulation of savings bank deposit rate may not be necessary, especially when the ...

to stop the circular movement of funds between banks and debt-oriented mutual funds (domf), the reserve bank today limited bank ...

the loan by the banks to mfis for on-lending to small borrowers will fall under priority sector category if the rbi guidelines ...

state-owned idbi bank today raised lending and deposit rates by up to 50 basis points soon after the reserve bank s monetary ...

home, auto and other loans are set to become costlier with the reserve bank today hiking key short-term rates to contain ...

interest rate on the money lying in savings bank accounts will go up by half a percentage point, with the reserve bank deciding ...

the reserve bank today said that loans extended by banks to micro-finance institutions (mfis) from april 1 onward will be ...

supporting reserve bank s hawkish stance on monetary policy, finance minister pranab mukherjee today said the increase in the key ...

warning of tough times ahead, the rbi today raised the key short term lending rate and savings bank rates by 50 basis points ...

the indian rupee depreciated by 8 paise to rs 44.41 against the us dollar in early trade on the interbank foreign exchange today, ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has ranked its andhra pradesh regional office at the top among ...

state bank of travancore (sbt) earned a net profit of rs 238.32 crore in the last quarter of 2010-11, an improvement of ...

with an eye on the adverse fallout of rising oil prices, the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday said the government s ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) expects inflation to remain above comfort levels in the current financial year. it also said high ...

public sector lender indian overseas bank (iob) plans to form a joint venture (jv) company to market in-house developed software ...

state-run lender bank of india on monday said it recorded net profit of rs 494 crore in the quarter ended march 2011. this was a ...

private sector life insurer hdfc life plans to raise funds through an initial public offering (ipo) of 10 per cent of the current ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday said it did not expect an early respite from high inflation. as a result, economic ...

core, pmi growth give rbi policy comfort...

a day before the monetary policy review for 2011-12, two crucial data showed robust growth in manufacturing and infrastructure, ...

hinting at a hike in key policy rates to contain price rise, the reserve bank today warned that high inflation, driven by rising ...

state-run lender bank of india (boi) today reported a 15.5%increase in its net profit to rs 493.6 crore for the fourth quarter ...

mangalore-headquartered public sector lender corporation bank has posted a 10.6 per cent rise in its net profit to rs 345.3 crore ...

the state bank of mysore (sbm), an associate of the state bank of india, is planning to raise around rs 500 crore in the present ...

the yield on the 10-year benchmark 7.8 per cent government bond is expected to be above 8.1 per cent this week, owing to ...

the jury is still out on whether reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao will stick to the central bank s ...

bank of maharashtra (bom) today said that its total business rose to rs 1,14,332.15-crore in fiscal 11 as compared to rs ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh) posted a net profit of rs 450.35 crore for the quarter ended march, 2011, registering a growth of ...

with david sokol no longer in the running to be his successor, warren buffett said on saturday he expects whoever follows him as ...

bank credit to all priority sectors, barring services and, micro and small enterprises, witnessed a slower growth during 2010-11 ...

bank of maharashtra (bom) today said its total business rose to rs 1,14,332.15 crore in 2010-11 as compared to rs 1,04,230.22 ...

in order to augment its fee income component, private sector yes bank is on a spree of partnering with non-bank lenders catering ...

state bank of hyderabad on saturday said its net profit for the year ended march 31, 2011, rose 42 per cent to rs 1,166 crore. ...

even as india talks about moving its banking into auditing system, that converges with international financial reporting ...

united bank of india on saturday reported a net profit of rs 143.23 crore for the last quarter of 2010-11, compared with rs 46.38 ...

the standard chartered bank is set to ask three of its executives to go on leave following complaints made by a few high net ...

muthoot capital services limited (mcsl), a muthoot pappachan group company, will soon launch an innovative loan ...

health insurance portability, which will be allowed for individuals from july 1, should be extended to group medical policies, ...

net profits of dena bank and corporation bank took a hit in the quarter ended march, as the public sector lenders provided for ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today issued a showcause notice to citibank india for the rs 400-crore fraud by one of its ...

prince william and kate middleton s wedding termed as the wedding of the decade turned out to be the ...

goldman sachs group inc, jpmorgan chase co and 14 other investment banks face a european union (eu) antitrust probe into ...

amid concerns over high inflation and the possibility of hike in key policy rates, reserve bank governor d subbarao today ...

gross domestic product rose at a 1.8 per cent annual rate from january through march after a 3.1 per cent pace in the last three ...

the interest rate on savings bank deposits, the last bastion of the administered rate of interest, is set to be deregulated, with ...

state-run lender bank of baroda on thursday said its net profit rose 43 per cent to rs 1,294 crore for the quarter ended march, ...

public sector lender vijaya bank on thurday reported a 58.5 per cent drop in its net profit at rs 54.23 crore for the quarter ...

mortgage lender lic housing finance, on thursday posted a net profit of rs 314.8 crore for the fourth quarter ended march 31, up ...

we are aiming to increase casa (current account savings account) share to 30 per cent in the next two years. we are also ...

karnataka bank ltd has entered into a tieup with way2wealth brokers private limited to launch an online trading facility. ...

icici bank, india s largest private lender, on thursday reported a consolidated net profit of rs 1,568 crore for the ...

subscribers of retirement fund manager epfo, settling their final claims before the new rate is announced for the current fiscal, ...

on march 15, the working group, chaired by rbi executive director deepak mohanty, had submitted its report, for which comments ...

at a time when rising prices are fast depleting the value of money, there may be some good news for millions of savers. the ...

axis bank, india s third largest private sector lender, intends to scale up its international banking operations. the bank ...

the claim for such a vehicle has to be made in the same way as any other claim. the owner must ensure that the theft is intimated ...

switches are options given to policyholders of ulips to move their investments from one fund to another, within one plan. you can ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has imposed a penalty of up to rs 5 lakh on two cooperative sector lenders bhuj ...

the election commission of india (eci) has requested the the reserve bank of india (rbi) to enquire into the conduct of two ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on wednesday came out with fresh norms for tightening the risk management of banks, asking them ...

with the gujarat venture finance limited (gvfl) receiving first tranche of rs 200 crore from the state government, the venture ...

nearly seven weeks after a powerful earthquake and tsunami hit northeastern japan, the japanese economy is still struggling to ...

robust growth in renewal premium collections helped sbi life, the country s second-largest private life insurer, report a ...

federal reserve policy makers said the economy is recovering at a moderate pace and a pickup in inflation is likely ...

a common and consistent set of regulations from a single regulator is necessary to revive indian microfinance institutions ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has decided to increase the number of its executive directors from seven to nine. the two ...

when you buy a life insurance policy, the insurer levies a charge for the insurance protection upon death and to cover certain ...

private lender yes bank plans to raise debt of $75-100 million from overseas development finance institutions in the current ...

ahead of reserve bank of india s (rbi) review of monetary policy on may 3, the microfinance industry has sought relaxations ...

india s private equity (pe) industry is likely to record smooth exits from its investments in 2011, since most portfolio ...

the government has shortlisted candidates for top posts in eight public sector banks to replace the current chairmen and managing ...

state bank of india (sbi) chairman pratip chaudhuri on tuesday said a rise in policy rates by the reserve bank of india (rbi) may ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has fined 19 commercial banks, including the country s largest, state bank of india, for ...

when a leading private insurance company recently commissioned a market research agency to do a survey on india s most ...

china s banking regulator set capital targets for the nation s five biggest lenders above the minimum 11.5 percent ...

ubs ag, switzerland s largest bank, attracted the most new money from wealthy customers since the end of 2007 and reported ...

despite robust collections in march, first-year premium collections by life insurance companies rose only 15.13 per cent in ...

economists and industry experts favour a stronger dose of policy rate rise in may, as inflation continues to remain stubbornly ...

mahindra finance, financial services arm of mahindra mahindra, recorded 12 per cent rise in net profit at rs 157 crore for ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to raise key policy rates next month on account of continuing high inflation, a move ...

a frank evaluation by the world bank s internal auditors of a decade of efforts to help east timor underscores the ...

indian bank has reported a 10.23 per cent increase in net profit at rs 1,714 crore for the full year ended march 31, 2011, ...

the interest rates on short-term money market instruments are expected to move up, as liquidity may come under stress due to the ...

in another case of a regulated entity taking the regulator to court, the gujarat urban co-operative banks federation (gucbf) has ...

bankers have turned down a request by microfinance institutions (mfis) to create ars 1,000-crore fund to help them recover from ...

union bank of india, the fifth largest public sector lender with over rs 3.55 lakh crore in assets, has said its financial ...

the country second largest public sector lender, punjab national bank (pnb), intends to finalise the partner for its life ...

state-owned indian bank plans to raise $1 billion (about rs 4,500 crore) through overseas bonds to fund business growth, a top ...

in a big relief to banks, the reserve bank of india (rbi) on friday relaxed the provisioning norms for bad loans, reducing the ...

healthy growth in fee income helped axis bank log a 33 per cent rise in fourth-quarter net profit at rs 1,020 crore, compared to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has approved, in principle, axis bank s acquisition of select businesses of enam ...

mounting debt and depleting cash flow have put small and mid-sized microfinance institutions (mfis) on the brink of bankruptcy, a ...

bank aims to grow at 1.4x in fy12 and maintain nims between 3.25-3.5%.

ascendas india development trust (aidt), the india-focused real estate fund floated by singapore-based office space developer, is ...

us president barack obama may nominate daniel m gallagher, a former securities and exchange commission (sec) official, as one of ...

private sector lender hdfc bank plans to raise rs 1,500 crore through private placement of bonds. though the bank is in talks ...

rupay, an indian payment gateway akin to visa and mastercard, is likely to be ready for rollout within 18 months. national ...

aspiring entrants to the insurance industry would now be required to start their ventures with a higher initial capital base than ...

life insurance providers launch children s plans all through the year, with variations. max new york s college plan, ...

the asian development bank (adb) will provide up to $150 million (around rs 690 crore) in credit guarantees to help india scale ...

real estate private equity funds, which invested heavily in the indian realty market in 2006-07, are seeing a large number of ...

banks deposit growth accelerated to 17 per cent year-on-year in the fortnight ended april 8, as depositors expected ...

private lender yes bank on wednesday said it planned to raise equity of up to $500 million in one or more tranches in the current ...

private sector lender, ing vysya bank, on wednesday posted a 34 per cent rise in net profit at rs 91.3 crore for the quarter ...

credit information bureau (india) limited (cibil), the agency gathering data on credit histories of individuals, has now made ...

many big names of india inc whose foreign currency convertible bonds (fccbs) are due for redemption this year are expected to ...

barely a fortnight after pratip chaudhuri took charge as the chairman, state bank of india (sbi) has decided to withdraw one of ...

when it comes to paying the annual or renewal premium on our policies, we want to avoid the botheration of visiting the insurance ...

idbi bank today reported net profit of rs 516.25 crore in the quarter ended march 31, a rise of 62.13 per cent compared with the ...

the cycle of upward revision in key policy rates by the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to be extended, owing to the high ...

state bank of india (sbi) has increased its base rate the reference rate for loans by 25 basis points (bps) to ...

goldman sachs group inc, the fifth-biggest us bank by assets, posted a 21 per cent drop in profit, a smaller decline than ...

federal reserve chairman ben s bernanke may keep reinvesting maturing debt into treasuries to maintain record stimulus even after ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) disbursed rs 2,513 core in orissa in 2010-11, up by 10 per cent from ...

citi promoted mike pringle to lead global equities trading as the lender overhauls the unit s management to earn more from ...

bank of america s global banking and markets chief thomas k montag combined the division s corporate and ...

the quality of assets of citicorp international s consumer credit business in india improved in the january-march period, ...

the volume of corporate debt issuances in the quarter ended march 31 declined by 50 per cent, compared to corporate debts issued ...

yes bank has revived its plans of foraying into securities broking and aims to start operations in the current financial year. ...

gold loan company muthoot finance ltd, which is issuing 5.15 crore shares in an ongoing ipo, has said that the proceeds would ...

ahead of the monetary policy review on may 3, reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor shyamala gopinath today said inflation ...

citigroup inc, deutsche bank ag, morgan stanley, bank of america corp and bankers at the firms were acquitted by a milan court in ...

the proposed merger of the state bank of mysore (sbm) with state bank of india (sbi) should be smooth on the back of various ...

bangalore-headquartered public sector lender state bank of mysore (sbm) is planning to raise funds from the market through ...

bank of america merrill lynch has sold out its asia non-real estate private-equity assets to newquest capital partners, the hong ...

income from core operations and fees saw indusind bank s net profit for the quarter ended march 31 soar 75.34 per cent to rs ...

hdfc bank today said its board had approved a 5-for-1 stock split to increase retail participation in the bank s shares. one ...

hdfc bank today reported net profit of rs 1,114.7 crore for the quarter ended march 31, a rise of 33.2 per cent compared with the ...

the issue of regulating pension products of insurance firms and mutual funds will not snowball into a major turf war between ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, is set to increase its base rate the benchmark rate for ...

yields on the new 10-year benchmark 7.80 per cent bond are expected to stay around eight per cent in the fortnight before the ...

state-run indian overseas bank (iob) raised $ 500 million (around rs 2,250 crore) by way of senior unsecured bonds under its ...

the reserve bank of india has said global rebalancing will require deficit economies to save more and consume less, while ...

the headline inflation (wpi) stood at 8.98% for march, much above the rbi s projection of 8%, fuelling speculation that the ...

national insurance company today said it has clocked a 32.32% growth in its total premium income to rs 6,115 crore in 2010-11, ...

the premiums are being revised after a gap of four years, the sector watchdog insurance regulatory and development authority ...

cheque transactions worth over rs 7.97 lakh crore were carried out in the country during february, 2011, a growth of over 2.5% ...

trading pattern of raj rajaratnam, founder of galleon group, was consistent with information that was already available to ...

the chandigarh region of the bank comprises the states of punjab, himachal pradesh, jammu kashmir, chandigarh and parts of ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today raised the premium rates for third-party motor insurance policies ...

bank of america (bofa), the largest us lender by assets, reported its first profit in three quarters and settled more claims tied ...

get ready to pay more for the health cover provided by your company. while renewing group health policies, an increasing number ...

the government bond prices dropped further due to persistent selling pressure from banks and corporates, while call rates ...

almost a third of loans that banks have given to microfinance institutions (mfi) have been admitted for restructuring. this ...

the manipal-based public sector syndicate bank plans to raise up to $1 billion through medium term notes (mtn) to strengthen ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today launched its industrial outlook survey for april-june, 2011 period to gauge the progress of ...

if softening deposit rates are any cue, auto and home loan borrowers can breathe easy as lending rates may come down or remain at ...

with the addition of four district cooperative banks, credit information bureau india ltd (cibil), a credit ...

nabard has sanctioned rs 20 crore to the himachal pradesh government for rural infrastructure projects in the hill state. ...

we will cover all villages above 2,000 population under the financial inclusion programme by 2012, s sridhar, ...

deutsche bank ag, germany s biggest lender, plans to alter the status of its main us subsidiary in response to capital ...

european regulators will scrutinise banks calculations for losses on sovereign debt held to maturity when carrying out ...

amid their widening investigation into banks suspected of facilitating offshore tax evasion by wealthy americans, the federal ...

jpmorgan chase co, the second-biggest us bank by assets, said profit rose 67 per cent to a second straight record as ...

banks are likely to report good growth in earnings in the fourth quarter ended march 2011, owing to higher credit growth and a ...

bank of america, one of the largest banks in the us, can continue to lend to reliance industries (ril), the largest indian ...

development credit bank (dcb) on wednesday said its net profit for the fourth quarter (january-march) of 2010-11 was rs 11.35 ...

business correspondents, which partner banks in their financial inclusion programmes, are planning to raise funds from private ...

geojit bnp paribas financial services registered a 61 per cent decline in net profit to rs 2.92 crore for the quarter ended march ...

two weeks after reliance industries (ril) announced its entry into financial services through a joint venture with new york-based ...

punjab national bank announced the opening of its 117 branches throughout the country to celebrate its 117th foundation day ...

the national housing bank (nhb) is planning a five-fold increase in the initial capital requirement for new housing finance ...

the country s second-largest public sector lender punjab national bank (pnb) today said there is an upward pressure on interest ...

after requests by public sector banks, the government has given a six-month extension for classifying non-performing assets ...

indian bank has set up its first e-banking lounge, launched here by c rangarajan, chairman, prime minister s economic ...

finance ministry will hold annual performance review of public sector banks here on april 26 to evaluate various aspects ...

the master circular on housing finance ( housing circular ) issued by rbi specifically deals with the conditions on ...

in the summer of 2007, as the first tremors of the coming financial crisis were being felt on wall street, top executives of ...

after union bank of india and state bank of india, another government-run lender, idbi bank, is planning to raise funds in swiss ...

private sector lender indusind bank will acquire the credit card business of deutsche bank s indian operations for a little ...

increasing food consumption and the disposable incomes of indian consumers are attracting greater private equity (pe) investments ...

moral hazard in the financial system looms larger than ever before, even after the dodd-frank law gave us federal ...

the insurance regulatory development authority (irda) on monday warned health insurance, motor insurance and other general ...

at a time when the government-owned general insurance companies are reeling under heavy underwriting losses, the general ...

the finance ministry today said the draft guidelines on new banking licence with provisions to allow entry of corporates would be ...

transactions worth rs 6,212.92 crore were carried out in the country through credit cards in february 2011, registering a growth ...

market watchdog sebi has sought the government s permission to tap phones during its probe into suspected financial ...

the proportion of sale of ulip products has certainly come down. when compared to last year, ulip business has gone down by ...

insurance regulator irda today said that policy holders would gradually have to pay more for motor, health and other general ...

mortgage assignments in india have not been very prevalent because of the long term nature of the underlying loans, complexities ...

the bond market rallied on friday as the government s borrowing plan for the financial year 2011-12 began. yields are ...

india is likely to count among the top three life insurance and 15 general insurance markets in the world by 2020. however, ...

amid introduction of illegal online forex trade by certain companies, the reserve bank has asked credit card issuing companies to ...

new delhi, apr 10 (pti) industry body assocham has said that deregulation of interest rates on saving accounts would ...

india s insurance sector, which is witnessing a rapid growth, is likely to touch about $400 billion in premium income by 2020, ...

royal bank of canada, canada s largest lender, may get as much as $3.7 billion in the sale of its us consumer bank, a ...

state bank of india (sbi) would try to increase its market share in deposits and loans, without taking a hit on its margins and ...

private equity (pe) investment in infrastructure companies stood at $600 million worldwide in the january-march period, a decline ...

the insurance industry is opposed to the idea of a healthcare regulator under the insurance regulatory and development authority ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has signed a memorandum of agreement (moa) with 10 cooperative banks ...

reserve bank of india has slammed penalty to four cooperative banks in gujarat for violation of statutory guidelines by not ...

state bank of india s (sbi) new chairman pratip chaudhuri today said it would continue with the policy of amalgamation of its ...

in what is reflective of banks increasing thrust on using the cheaper automated teller machines (atm) channel for service ...

the indian rupee appreciated by 19 paise to rs 44.01 per dollar at the interbank foreign exchange today, supported by steady ...

premjiinvest, wipro chairman azim premji s $1-billion private and public equity fund, has reportedly raised its stake in ...

though the easing of short-term rates and the parking of surplus funds by banks through the reverse repo (the rate at which rbi ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) officials on thursday met representatives from non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) and associations ...

bajaj financial solutions limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of bajaj finserv limited, announced its foray into the wealth ...

ending the uncertainty over senior appointments at state bank of india (sbi), pratip chaudhuri on thursday took over the ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, may have a managing director (md) for its international ...

bangalore-headquartered public sector lender canara bank has launched four products to provide cashless services to the ...

the escalating tensions in bahrain following the recent unrest in west asia and north africa have prompted indian banks to put on ...

the bank of japan said it will offer 1 trillion ($12 billion) in one-year loans to alleviate cash shortages in the wake of ...

the bank of england kept its benchmark interest rate at a record low as policy makers judged the need to aid the recovery took ...

european central bank president jean-claude trichet left the door open for further interest-rate increases to tame inflation ...

bandhan, the country s fourth-largest microfinance institution (mfi), managed to sell about rs 400 crore of its portfolio to ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has disallowed sale of high-value unit-linked insurance products ...

the govrement has cleared appoinment of p choudhary as new chairman of state bank of india. the cabinet committee has approve the ...

officials from the reserve bank of india (rbi) on wednesday met industry representatives and discussed the current industry ...

bank loans registered a growth of 21.38 per cent in 2010-11, while deposit growth stood at 15.84 per cent, according to data ...

kolkata-based non-banking financial company, magma fincorp, today said it has received the first phase of licence from the ...

a total refinance support of rs 3,680.70 crore was extended by national bank for agriculture and rural development towards ...

commerzbank ag (cbk) and intesa sanpaolo spa (isp), the number-two banks in germany and italy, respectively, plan to raise ...

a european bank that received the most federal reserve discount window help during the financial crisis also took $381 billion in ...

fixed deposit rates are likely to come down soon as liquidity in the market has improved while credit demand has not seen much ...

credit offtake from public and private banks grew by over 21.5% in the one-year period ended march 25, indicating an upswing in ...

the indian rupee strengthened by 18 paise to rs 44.24 against the us dollar in early trade on the interbank foreign exchange ...

the proposal to restructure the debt of zoom developers, the engineering procurement and construction company, has fallen ...

the reserve bank on tuesday asked banks to ensure that foreign airlines do not use overseas banks for settling india ticket sale ...

in a bid to become a financial powerhouse, kishore biyani-promoted future capital holdings (fch) is planning to set up 100 ...

central bank of india and oriental bank of commerce (obc) have reduced their interest rates on term deposits. this is the first ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has penalised two gujarat-based cooperative banks for violation of guidelines. mehsana urban ...

after pension plans, the insurance regulator might take a second look at the unit-linked guidelines as well. the life insurance ...

in a sign of easing liquidity, banks parked their excess money with the reserve bank of india (rbi) on the first day of market ...

cautioning against the adverse impact of a steep rise in policy rates, top bankers on tuesday told the reserve bank of india ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor subir gokarn on tuesday said india cannot risk accepting high inflation as the new ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today cautioned public against any mail asking for bank account details of individuals in its ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to bring out a roadmap to introduce a holding company structure for banks soon. this ...

the cooperative banking sector is gearing up for a makeover, with greater participation of cooperative societies in banking ...

muthoot housing finance company, a part of the kerala-based muthoot pappachan group, is in talks with international finance ...

debt recast seems the only option for cash-strapped microfinance institutions (mfis) to secure funds, as banks and financial ...

the deputy governors of the reserve bank of india (rbi) are known to rarely, if ever, let anyone know what s on their ...

redemptions worth rs 2 lakh crore in certificates of deposit (cds) are lined up in the first quarter of the current financial ...

credit rating agency fitch downgraded portugal on friday saying the debt-laden country needed a bailout, while rival agency ...

jean-claude trichet s shot against inflation may end up inflicting collateral damage on europe s most cash-strapped ...

non-food credit from scheduled commercial banks went up by 22.8% to over rs 35 lakh crore for the one-year period ending february ...

the interest rates on short-term debt instruments such as call money and certificates of deposits (cds) are set to fall this ...

almost half of the 82 regional rural banks (rrbs) in the country would be recapitalised, with the infusion of rs 2,200 crore in ...

at the height of the financial crisis, the federal reserve allowed the world s largest banks to turn more than $118 billion ...

the federal reserve warned that releasing details of its lending could lead to a rapid loss of public confidence in borrowers and ...

with the sparkling diamond business in surat stealing time away, diamantaires could hardly manage frequent visits and long hours ...

berkshire hathaway executive david sokol s resignation points to governance challenges at the company and may ...

goldman sachs group awarded chairman and chief executive officer lloyd c blankfein $19 million in compensation for 2010, almost ...

at a time when the reserve bank of india (rbi) is considering whether to allow business houses to enter the banking business, ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has set a target of sanctioning rs 7,800 crore in andhra pradesh ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has executed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with all the ...

the asian development bank (adb) will extend up to $250 million for a metro rail system in bangalore that will bring substantial ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned rs 38.62 crore as loan assistance to the ...

the formal appointment of the state bank of india (sbi) chairman has been delayed due to procedural irregularities in selection ...

state-owned bank of baroda (bob) today said it has allotted 2.7 crore shares to the government of india on a preferential basis, ...

country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today revised interest rates for deposits by non-resident indians (nris) ...

state-owned union bank of india today said the government approved re-appointment of its chairman and managing director mv nair ...

it is a benefit for those who have not claimed insurance during the preceding year of cover. it means the premium they would pay ...

poor underwriting results over recent years, following the deregulation of rate-setting, has led rating agency standard ...

receipts from communication services pulled down india s current account deficit (cad) by almost 24 per cent to $9.7 ...

in what comes as relief for the private equity industry, the foreign direct investment (fdi) policy unveiled by the department of ...

banks have experienced strong demand for loans from non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) and from the real estate sector during ...

emerging-market borrowers completed the busiest ever start to a year, selling $195 billion of bonds on international markets to ...

the union government has appointed r sridharan, managing director of state bank of india (sbi), as acting chairman. o p bhatt ...

state bank of india (sbi) has extended its teaser rate home loan scheme a popular, yet controversial ...

moody s investors service said it can t rule out further credit downgrades for euro-region nations because the ...

for most of its 98-year history, the federal reserve has operated with all the transparency and enthusiasm for change of the ...

as op bhatt hangs up his boots today after a five-year innings at the helm of affairs of country s biggest lender state bank of ...

making payments through cheques may become a costlier affair from tomorrow, as the reserve bank of india (rbi) has allowed banks ...

the government today said that icici bank and other lenders whose more than 50% equity is owned by overseas entities will be ...

state bank of india (sbi) today opened its 25,000th atm and the 9,000th semi-urban branch, and said it will add 10,000 atms ...

india s third largest private lender axis bank plans to open 22 new branches in tamil nadu, taking the total number in the ...

the rural population in orissa is unaware of the role and scope of insurance ombudsman and hence, there is a need for concerted ...

the banking sector in andhra pradesh is facing a double whammy from mounting non-performing assets (npas) in the priority sector, ...

the employees provident fund organisation (epfo) on wednesday said its corpus of about rs 3.5 lakh crore will now be managed only ...

outgoing chairman of state bank india, o p bhatt, continues to defend the bank s home loan product against the central ...

after witnessing pressure on fiscal health for two years, state governments budgeted for higher growth in tax revenues and ...

india s 11-year bonds fell for a second day on speculation of investors paring holdings of securities before government ...

the government has infused rs 1,739.99 crore into oriental bank of commerce (obc). this will increase the government s ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has come down heavily on some banks which are violating agreements with borrowers while ...

indian commercial banks are reluctant to participate in the proposed indo-african export fund, owing to a limited pool of ...

the free ride enjoyed by motor insurance claimants is set to end, with the government deciding to fix some loopholes in the ...

the irish government may be forced to take controlling stakes in bank of ireland and irish life permanent, the last of the ...

outgoing state bank of india (sbi) chairman op bhatt today strongly defended the special home loan rates (teaser rates) on which ...

the indian rupee strengthened by 6 paise to rs 44.72 per dollar at the interbank foreign exchange today, supported by a higher ...

european banks are being forced to sell more long-term bonds as regulators seek to prevent another financial crisis. european ...

in the past year, insurance companies, especially in the life segment, have found the going difficult. with the regulator, the ...

sks microfinance, the country s largest micro-lender, said it had securitised microfinance loans worth rs 610 crore with ...

he will succeed op bhatt, who will be superannuating as chairman of state bank of india on march 31, an iba relesae said here ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) wants commercial banks to view financial inclusion as a business opportunity and not a social ...

axis bank has withdrawn its proposal to induct vallabh bhansali, co-founder and chairman of enam securities, on the board, ...

the next time you fall short of cash while on a shopping spree, you may not have to rush to the nearest automated teller machine ...

with rising break-ins in their neighbourhood, brendan and alexia are looking at locking away their valuables in a safe deposit ...

the banking sector in karnataka is lagging in implementing the reserve bank of india s (rbi) ambitious programme of ...

punjab national bank (pnb) opened its 88th branch in orissa at the campus of the city-based siksha o anusandhan deemed to be ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has reiterated its concern on inflation due to rise in oil prices, said bankers who interacted ...

mumbai, mar 28 (pti) standard chartered bank, today said that it has launched its sme banking world debit card, a ...

the rupee depreciated by 10 paise to 44.77 per us dollar in early trade on the interbank foreign exchange today, snapping a ...

after the sanctioning of education loans, the public and private sector commercial bankers have shown almost no interest in ...

union bank of india, lead bank for ernakulam district, has set up its first financial literacy and credit counselling centre ...

state bank of india (sbi) has opened a self-service banking centre in hyderabad to increase customer convenience and provide 24 7 ...

expressing concern over high costs and limited reach of banking services, finance minister pranab mukherjee today said that the ...

seeking to expand its presence in overseas markets, state owned-uco bank plans to open more branches in the south east asian ...

state-owned union bank of india plans to enter the wealth management business in partnership with a foreign player to increase ...

wells fargo co, the bank with the biggest us branch network, will no longer enroll customers in debit-card rewards ...

us federal reserve policy makers should review whether to complete a second round of quantitative-easing purchasing due to end in ...

treasuries dropped, pushing 10-year note yields up the most in almost two months, as concern eased that japan s nuclear ...

apparel maker and retailer koutons retail s proposal to recast its debt had been admitted by the corporate debt ...

thrissur-based dhanlaxmi bank has received the reserve bank of india s green signal to raise rs 1,000 crore as capital in ...

the state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, on friday said it was planning to raise about $1 billion (rs ...

the country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today said it is planning to raise $1 billion (about rs 4,500 crore) ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has said a high level of non-performing assets (npas) has been a stumbling block for banks ...

credit suisse group ag, switzerland s second-biggest bank, cut total compensation for ceo brady dougan 34 per cent for 2010 ...

bharti axa general insurance, a 74 26 joint venture between bharti enterprises and the french-headquartered axa group, plans to ...

india s third largest private lender, axis bank, aims to lend more to farmers in 2011-12, to improve its share of ...

around rs 2 lakh crore of redemptions lined up for financial year 2015-16. with the union government and the reserve bank of ...

the government, for now, has sought to put to rest the issue of who is to regulate mergers and acquisitions (m a) in the ...

a sale of the british taxpayer s 65.8-billion ($107 billion) stake in lloyds banking group and royal bank of ...

punjab national bank would issue 1.51 million shares to the government on a preferential basis, at rs 1,218.8 apiece, the bank ...

citigroup inc, deutsche bank ag, bank of america corp and jpmorgan chase co had been asked by us regulators to make ...

thirty of spain s smaller banks had their senior debt and deposit ratings downgraded, as moody s investors service ...

goldman sachs group inc chief executive officer lloyd blankfein checks his bank s profit daily, prefers voice mail to ...

following feedback from insurers, the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is likely to tone down the ...

the government will infuse rs 184 crore in punjab national bank (pnb) as recapitalisation package to shore up the bank s equity ...

state-run bank of india (boi) today said the government has infused about rs 1,010 crore into the bank s equity capital, taking ...

the indian rupee strengthened marginally by 2 paise to rs 44.83 per dollar at the interbank foreign exchange today, supported by ...

reliance venture asset management, the venture capital arm of reliance ada group, on wednesday announced its exit from portfolio ...

a vigo capital partners, the delhi-based private equity company with focus on mid-market investments, is in the final stages of ...

global banking major hsbc is sounding out its shareholders on a proposed revision of its executive pay plans, which could see its ...

the aditya birla financial services group has announced expansion of its investment team at aditya birla private equity, naming ...

the acquisition of state bank of indore by state bank of india (sbi) last year was in public interest, the rajya sabha was ...

europe s banking system would need as much as 250 billion ($355 billion) of new capital if faced with a ...

the bumper listing of state bank of india s (sbi) retail bond issue has put life back into the primary market. investors, ...

nippon life s plan to buy a stake in reliance life may be delayed as the deal requires special permission from the ...

public sector lenders, united bank of india and allahabad bank, on wednesday obtained the shareholders approval for ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) asked banks to have extended working hours on march 30 and 31, 2011, to facilitate receipt of ...

anil ambani group firm reliance life, which recently announced selling 26% stake to japanese insurer nippon for $680 million, ...

state-run union bank of india, which plans to set up a subsidiary in the united kingdom and a branch in australia and belgium, is ...

the indian rupee fell by 5 paise to 45.01 per us dollar in early trade at the interbank foreign exchange today, weighed down by ...

private lender indusind bank is likely to acquire the local credit card business of deutsche bank to mark its entry into the ...

us billionaire investor warren buffett, whose group recently entered the indian insurance market, will meet the insurance ...

under the financial inclusion plan, bank of baroda (bob) has decided to harness the mobile banking van (mbv) route to provide ...

future generali india insurance company, a joint venture between the future group and the italy-based generali group, is eyeing ...

deutsche bank ag, germany s biggest bank, lost a case over interest-rate swaps in the first ruling by germany s ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), today said lending rates will remain steady even as credit demand would ...

the indian rupee strengthened by 3 paise to rs 44.98 per dollar at the interbank foreign exchange today, supported by a higher ...

state bank of india (sbi) needs to be larger in terms of capital infusion, sbi chairman op bhatt said in the historic village of ...

certificates of deposit (cds) maturing in the first week of april are being traded at yields above 11 per cent in the secondary ...

despite growing expectations of interest rate hikes by banks following the central bank s 25 basis points hike in key ...

out of rs 10613.60 crore earmarked for this sector in the current fiscal, the advances of all banks- psu banks, private banks, ...

hyderabad angels, a group of entrepreneurs who invest their own capital, on friday announced an investment of rs 2 crore in a ...

standard chartered bank (mauritius) ltd has picked up a 3 per cent stake in the bombay stock exchange-promoted currency exchange, ...

muthoot finance ltd (mfl), which proposes to launch an initial public offering (ipo) soon, has received a rating of four on ...

non-banking finance company sundaram finance today forayed into infrastructure management services business (ims) with the launch ...

increasing raw material cost and rising salary bill eroded the profitability of india inc during april-september period of the ...

aviva life insurance today announced a tie up with suvidhaa, pioneer of the services commerce ( s-commerce ) ...

private sector lender lakshmi vilas bank today announced the implementation of financial-inclusion drive in tamil nadu through an ...

private sector lender, icici bank ltd, in association with intuit, a global business and personal finance management solutions ...

corporates looking to enter the banking business will have wait for some more time, as the government is considering amendment of ...

standard chartered bank became the first foreign bank to invest in united stock exchange (use) after it bought 3% stake in the ...

the indian rupee strengthened by 11 paise to rs 45.02 per dollar in early trade at the interbank foreign exchange today, ...

the call money rate that has been hovering above seven per cent levels for the past week on tight liquidity due to advance tax ...

the strongest export growth in 11 months and forecasts that the rupee will deliver the best returns in the world are luring ...

us bank investors may be rewarded with an extra $22 billion annually, after government tests showed the industry has regained ...

mangalore-based private sector lender karnataka bank ltd today signed an agreement with bartronics india ltd for providing ...

idbi bank plans to increase its lending to mid-size companies by 15 to 20 per cent annually in the medium term to grab higher ...

state bank of india (sbi) raised around rs 1,500 crore via certificates of deposit (cds) in the past two days. following the huge ...

on the back of a surge from the life insurance corporation of india (lic), the first-year premium collection by life insurance ...

the government will infuse rs 1,173 crore into state-run lender andhra bank as part of recapitalisation plan to shore up equity ...

boston consultancy group (bcg), along with top industry body cii, has come out with a 15-point agenda on how to convert a rs ...

the reserves had surged $1.8 billion the week before to $302.59 billion.

public sector lender union bank of india today said it is unlikely to increase its deposit and lending rates in the next one ...

the government has decided to infuse rs 670 crore in allahabad bank as against rs 292 crore advised earlier. this will raise the ...

the government is considering giving more teeth to the reserve bank of india to deal with banking sector problems before ...

the indian rupee rose by 13 paise to rs 45.05 per dollar at the interbank foreign exchange today, supported by higher opening in ...

lakshmi vilas bank today announced implementation of financial inclusion in tamil nadu through an extension of its banking ...

allahabad bank has entered into a tie-up arrangement with kirti solar ltd in kolkata on the 16 march, 2011 to facilitate bank ...

the reserve bank of india s rate hike was on expected lines, bank of india chairman and managing director alok k misra said ...

bank of india has said its shareholders had approved capital infusion of over rs 1,000 crore from the government by way of ...

united bank of india (ubi) on thursday said it was expecting the government to infuse rs 308 crore into the bank by the end of ...

axis bank, the country s third largest private lender, was likely to complete the acquisition of enam securities in the ...

rather than counting on the government for additional capital, banks need to grow their balance sheets by raising capital from ...

diebold india, a wholly-owned subsidiary of diebold, incorporated announced the signing of a two-year managed services agreement ...

the standard poor s 500 index of stocks has climbed 18 per cent since he said august 27 that additional asset ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today allowed non-banking finance companies (nbfc) to classify credit extended to telecom tower ...

state-owned lender bank of india today said its shareholders have approved capital infusion of over rs 1,000 crore from the ...

banks today asked the reserve bank of india (rbi) for preservation of priority sector status for the micro lending sector, ...

terming the rbi s move to raise key policy rates by 25 basis points as in-line with market expectations, analysts said the apex ...

starting with power finance corp, the government is all set to launch its disinvestment programme for the next financial year. ...

owing to improved asset quality, increasing net interest margins and higher operational efficiency, non-banking financial ...

india s largest mortgage lender, housing development finance corporation (hdfc), has been included by new york s ...

sks microfinance, the country s largest microfinance lender, on wednesday said it would not participate in the corporate ...

life insurance corporation of india, the country largest insurer, is in talks with the government to modify its investment norms ...

state bank of india plans to open financial inclusion centres (fic) in all the 23 districts of the state and appoint business ...

mukesh ambani is set to become the first non-american citizen to join the board of bank of america corporation, following his ...

ptc india financial services (pfs), a unit of ptc india, on wednesday said it would allot 2.35 crore shares to anchor investors ...

a day before the reserve bank of india (rbi) announces its mid-quarter review of monetary policy, banks have borrowed rs 1,33,205 ...

the mumbai-based custodian released on wednesday a payment of rs 2,195 crore, recovered from the sale of harshad mehta s ...

country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today said it has raised rs 5,496.9 crore from retail bonds to fund its ...

the export-import bank of india (exim bank) has entered into an agreement with malawi for providing a $50 million line of credit ...

the indian rupee strengthened by 5 paise to rs 45.20 per dollar at the interbank foreign exchange today, supported by a higher ...

the bank of japan s step to provide short-term liquidity and expand an asset-purchase programme failed to contain investor ...

banks operating in the state- public sector banks, regional rural banks (rrbs) and cooperative banks continue to struggle with ...

leading multinational banks have paid more advance tax in the fourth quarter of the current financial year, indicating a good ...

the finance ministry on tuesday said it was actively considering establishing a regulatory framework to deal with the concerns of ...

vikram pandit, who steered citigroup inc through a $45-billion government bailout, has staked his bank s future on emerging ...

the ministry of finance and reserve bank of india (rbi) officials would decide on the borrowing calendar for april-september on ...

the rupee slid for the third time in four days as japan s earthquake and nuclear accident prompted investors to favor the ...

speculation that the reserve bank of india (rbi) will hike key policy rates in its mid-quarterly policy review on thursday pushed ...

icici securities has launched research suite a comprehensive research offering for capital markets and private equity ...

the high government cash balance, which has often created uncertainty in liquidity conditions, could now be auctioned to reduce ...

lenders to microfinance institutions (mfis) have approached the corporate debt restructuring (cdr) mechanism for seven large ...

a reserve bank of india (rbi) working group today suggested that the short-term lending rate (repo) be made the single policy ...

public sector lender union bank of india plans to outsource work for the installation and upkeep of 1,000 atms as part of its ...

ahead of the mid-quarter review of monetary policy on march 17, state bank of india (sbi) chairman o p bhatt said in lucknow on ...

to provide momentum and impetus to mobile-based financial transactions, the charge has been brought down from 25 paise as ...

ptc india financial services (pfs) has fixed the price band for its initial public offering (ipo) at rs 26-28 a share, which ...

disbursement of cheques to the remaining 389 depositors of krushi urban cooperative bank, which is under liquidation, will be ...

shriram transport finance co, an indian truck financier backed by fidelity investments, may borrow as much as rs 3,000 crores ...

power finance corporation (pfc) plans to raise rs 5,300 crore from infrastructure bonds opened for subscription on february 24, a ...

the new base rate is 8.7 per cent and the bplr has been revised to 17.25%.

the bank of japan (boj) poured a record amount of cash into the financial system and doubled the size of its asset-purchase plan ...

ahead of the mid-quarter review of the monetary policy by reserve bank of india (rbi) on march 17, state bank of india (sbi) ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may go in for yet another hike of key interest rates by 25 basis points at its policy review ...

the indian rupee strengthened by 5 paise to rs 45.19 per dollar at the interbank foreign exchange today, supported by a higher ...

yields on the benchmark 7.80 per cent government bond maturing in 2020 are seen range-bound, ahead of the mid-quarter policy ...

bangalore-based public sector lender, vijaya bank is planning to expand its corporate branch network in the country by opening ...

the message is loud and clear out there - change or perish. with opening of indian financial sector to private players two ...

the total number of branches of the 32 foreign banks operating in india as on march 31, 2010, stood at 306, which is a small rise ...

the country s second largest private sector lender, hdfc bank, has decided to hike fixed deposit rates by up to 100 basis points ...

germany and france are fighting global rules that would force lenders like deutsche bank ag and bnp paribas sa to reveal their ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) on saturday directed the general insurance companies to augment the ...

perched on a chair overlooking a wood panel-lined room in dublin s high court, a bespectacled judge elizabeth dunne has ...

japan s central bank pledged to ensure financial stability after the nation s strongest earthquake on record forced ...

european and us reinsurers may sidestep costs tied to japan s strongest earthquake in a century as the country s ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) is jointly working with other regulators to enhance norms for wealth ...

the financial inclusion plan (fip) in orissa is progressing at a sluggish rate. out of the 1878 unbanked villages identified in ...

state bank of india (sbi) chairman o p bhatt is visiting lucknow on march 14 on the occasion of the completion of 150 years of ...

japan s central bank pledged to ensure financial stability after the strongest earthquake in at least a century forced ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is considering allowing insurers to trade in gold exchange-traded funds ...

the interest rates on big-ticket deposits may ease from april on the back of improvement in liquidity and fall in credit demand ...

the country s foreign exchange reserves surged by $1.8-billion to $302.59-billion driven by a healthy increase in foreign ...

icici bank, the country s largest private sector lender, and the anil ambani group are looking at clsa and cheuvreux, the ...

the bank of england kept its benchmark interest rate at a record low as policy makers chose to set aside concerns on rising ...

kotak mahindra group plans to launch a $300-million private equity (pe) fund. the fund will raise capital from domestic and ...

concerned over the rampant mis-selling of guaranteed products especially net asset value (nav) ones of life ...

a fter acquiring the wealth management business of itrust financial advisors, karvy private wealth (kpw) is revamping operations ...

addressing media persons here, ajai kumar, executive director, uco bank said, we have set a total business target of rs ...

19 districts in orissa have cd ratio below rbi norm of 60. the credit-deposit (cd) ratio of public sector banks in the state, ...

out of the total acp of rs 12677.77 crore, the banks have achieved credit flow of rs 10682.63 crore by the end of december last ...

the country s largest bank state bank of india (sbi) today said it is likely come out with rs 20,000 crore rights issue in the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to hike its repo rate in two tranches by 0.25% each in a bid to rein-in high ...

financial service group centrum capital (ccl) today said it is expecting to maintain a 30% growth in revenue in 2011-12, ...

those investing in unit-linked pension plans will now have more options. the insurance regulator is planning to come out with ...

fearing possible involvement of illicit money in dealings by jewellers and bullion dealers, the reserve bank of india has asked ...

the employee strength of foreign banks in india dropped by over six per cent in 2010, with as many as 19 of the 32 overseas ...

with a deterioration in the loan portfolio quality of some micro finance institutions, banks have asked mfis to replace weak ...

banks have registered a credit growth of 23.2 per cent for the year till february 25, while deposits grew by 16.4 per cent.

the total credit flow to shgs from banks is expected to touch rs 11,000 crore from the present rs 7,000 crore next ...

china may deflect international pressure for faster yuan appreciation by reporting the nation s smallest trade surplus in ...

blackstone group lp s timothy coleman helped ford motor co avoid bankruptcy and a taxpayer bailout as the automaker ...

high crude oil prices, widening current account gap and political uncertainty may keep the rupee weak in the near term even as ...

state bank of bikaner and jaipur (sbbj), the largest associate bank of sbi, today said its board has cleared the proposal of ...

financial sector conglomerate hdfc is planning to monetise some of its non-core investments over the next 6-12 months to garner a ...

fearing possible involvement of illicit money in dealings by jewellers and bullion dealers, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has ...

private sector lender dhanlaxmi bank today raised base rate, or the minimum lending rate, by 50 basis points (bps) to 8.75% in ...

the total headcount of foreign banks in india went down by over 6% in 2010, with as many as 19 out of the 32 overseas lenders ...

the government on tuesday said the income tax department and the directorate of enforcement (ed) had initiated investigations ...

with less than a month left to close their books for fy11 accounting, banks are further hiking interest rates to mobilise ...

magma fincorp, a non-banking finance company (nbfc) funding equipment and small and medium enterprises, plans to securitise an ...

the impoverished bundelkhand region in uttar pradesh remains laggard in utilising development funds sanctioned by national bank ...

the international finance corporation (ifc) has announced corporate equity financing of up to $15 million (around rs 69 crore) to ...

federal bank has launched the interbank mobile payment service (imps), a real-time fund transfer facility through mobile phone, ...

lakshmi vilas bank (lvb) has entered into an agreement with timesofmoney, a times group company to launch lvb india remit, a ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has formed a working group to examine issues pertaining to the regulation of non-banking ...

karur vysya bank (kvb) may increase the ceiling of holding by foreign institutional investors (fiis), non-resident indians (nris) ...

ubs ag, switzerland s biggest bank, named matthew grounds and simon warshaw joint global heads of its investment banking ...

following andhra pradesh s example, the bihar government was mulling over a legislation for regulating and effectively ...

the reserve bank of india has penalised three cooperative banks in gujarat with non adherence to rbi norms out of which two have ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development has sanctioned rs 22.90 crore to haryana under the rural infrastructure ...

the government will infuse rs 1,740 crore in oriental bank of commerce (obc) as recapitalisation package to shore up the bank s ...

financial inclusion drive initiated by the government would bring in 80% of households into formal banking network in the next 5 ...

the india branch of american express banking corp has signed a distribution tie-up with chennai-based public sector bank, indian ...

karur vysya bank (kvb) plans to increase the ceiling of holding by foreign instutional investors (fiis), non resident ...

union bank of india, one of india s leading public sector banks, is betting big on alternate delivery channels like online ...

a new set of rules are underway for an estimated $1-trillion wealth management industry and banking regulator the reserve bank of ...

a greater regulatory oversight and additional safeguards against any crisis situation may be underway for the country s large ...

public-sector lender indian bank today said it aims to expand its branch strength by adding 100 branches across the country by ...

the recent citibank fraud has made the government review the regulatory issues regarding wealth management and private banking ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee today met sebi officials, including its new chairman uk sinha here, and reviewed the activities ...

canara bank has raised $350 million (rs 1,575 crore) through issue of senior unsecured bonds under its medium-term note programme ...

india s foreign exchange reserves went up by $158 million to $300,786 million, on the back of increased foreign currency ...

axis private equity (pe), which is on a restructuring mode, saw the exit of its director, william knight, today. knight was part ...

global bankers and economists on friday slammed the basel liquidity proposals and different approaches by regulators to modify ...

public sector bank of india (boi) is set to re-enter the mutual fund business. it is close to buying a 51 per cent stake in ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has paved ways for some major irrigation projects in madhya pradesh ...

stringent norms on credit default swap (cds) for corporate bonds, as prescribed by the reserve bank of india (rbi), may limit ...

axis bank, which acquired enam s investment banking business last year, has roped in high-profile mutual fund executive ...

the per capita bank deposits in orissa has grown significantly over the past three years and is fast catching up with the ...

the central government, after much delay, has finally decided to provide rs 1,200 crore, in the form of guarantee, to the ...

the european central bank (ecb) kept interest rates at a record low on thursday as policy makers grapple with an oil-price shock ...

state-owned punjab national bank (pnb) on thursday said it planned to buy equity stake in a domestic life insurance company to ...

it (credit growth) would be upward of 20 per cent, icici bank managing director chanda kochhar told reporters on the ...

the budget gave a boost to expansion in agricultural credit disbursement the state-run national bank for agriculture rural ...

a day after announcing a foray into the indian insurance market, warren buffett s berkshire hathaway inc is reported to be ...

the cabinet today gave its nod to the banking regulation (amendment) bill, which proposes to increase the voting rights of ...

state-owned punjab national bank (pnb) today said it proposes to buy stake in an existing life insurance company and has ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao today said the central bank will look at business plan for financial ...

the government today gave green signal to the banking laws amendment bill that seeks to align the voting rights in banks in ...

...it (credit growth) would be upward of 20%, icici bank managing director chanda kochhar told reporters on the ...

state bank of bikaner jaipur rose by over 5% in early trade on the bse today after the the bank said its board will meet on ...

the indian rupee fell by 6 paise to rs 45.01 per $ in early trade at the interbank foreign exchange today, weighed down by a weak ...

hong kong and shanghai banking corporation (hsbc) bank on wednesday said it was open to a subsidiary model for expansion in india ...

public sector allahabad bank will launch mobile banking in april 2011, enabling its customers to avail banking services on their ...

punjab-based state bank of patiala opened its 999th branch at batala road, gurdaspur. the bank has branches spread across the ...

mangalore-based public sector lender corporation bank has bagged three awards for technology in online banking, financial ...

the sage of omaha has finally arrived in india, just two days after the finance minister reaffirmed the government s ...

with the finance ministry s economic survey backing state bank of india s (sbi) controversial yet popular home loan ...

microfinance institutions network (mfin), a self-regulatory organisation of the indian microfinance sector, has launched a credit ...

bank customers will soon have to use a second identification detail for atm and debit card transactions, according to a reserve ...

having decided to acquire the royal bank of scotland s (rbs) select operations in india, hsbc group global head today said it is ...

corporation bank and bank of baroda (bob) today said they are expecting significant amount of fund from the government s rs ...

british banking giant standard chartered today reported a 23% jump in profit before tax (pbt) in india at $1.1197-billion for ...

uk-based hsbc today said regulatory sanctions being faced by the bank in the us is embarrassing and would have a ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) plans to upgrade its high-value online fund transfer system rtgs to enable handling of up to 50 ...

farm loans at four per cent, enhancement of credit target for the sector by rs 1 lakh crore, and a reminder to banks to focus on ...

india emerged as the third-most profitable market in the asia-pacific region for hong kong and shanghai banking corporation in ...

sks, the largest microfinance institution (mfi) in the country, has closed a rs 60-crore securitisation deal with a non-banking ...

microfinance institutions network (mfin), a self-regulatory organisation for the indian microfinance industry, has launched a ...

banks have not taken the full advantage of technology for bringing down the cost of small transactions, improving customer ...

elephant capital, the aim-listed private equity fund with an indian focus, is set to exit its investment in global cricket ...

mortgage financier housing development and finance corporation (hdfc) has increased its retail prime lending rate (rplr) by 25 ...

interest rates on home loans up to rs 25 lakh may ease in the near-term following the government s decision to classify ...

bank credit to commercial real estate, a sector under regulatory scanner, rose by 14.9 per cent in the 10 months ended january, ...

till now, we have disbursed more than rs 27,000 crore and expect the figure to touch rs 33,000 crore this fiscal. last ...

in its second tranche of retail bonds, the country s largest bank, state bank of india, may end up retaining around rs ...

industry may have been criticising the budget proposals to levy service tax on insurance and health services, but the expected ...

three leading financial institutions and banks are in talks with reliance industries ltd (ril) to sell their entire stake in ...

uk-headquartered banking major hsbc today reported 82% surge in profit before tax (pbt) from india operations to a ...

public sector lender indian bank has hiked interest rates on foreign currency non-resident (fcnr) (banking) and nre (non-resident ...

faced with an acute liquidity crunch, the union budget has brought little cheer to microfinance institutions (mfis). however, ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee on monday said a slew of financial sector legislation to be introduced in financial year ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has proposed amendments to the banking regulation act, 1949, finance minister pranab mukherjee ...

the government would provide an additional rs 6,000 crore capital to state-owned banks in financial year 2011-12 to help them ...

in the union budget tabled today, the government succeeded splendidly in retaining its focus on agriculture, infrastructure and ...

this was an important budget as the indian economy was grappling with important issues. the finance minister has touched upon ...

the finance minister has announced wide-ranging measures to ensure that economic growth remains robust in the medium term, with a ...

in his budget, finance minister pranab mukherjee on monday pegged the net government borrowings at rs 3.43 lakh crore, lower than ...

the union budget 2011-12 attempts to ride on india s rapid recent economic growth while controlling the inflation that has ...

despite a challenging macro environment, it was encouraging to see the finance minister continue on the path of fiscal ...

the government will give rs 140 to the banks for every no-frills account opened by them as part of its initiative to expand the ...

the government today proposed to increase the service tax on life insurance policies to 1.5% from 1%, a move that would increase ...

the government today said it will provide capital support to the tune of rs 6,000 crore to public sector banks during the next ...

the bond market is expecting an improvement in yields as the fiscal deficit is likely to come down due to high revenue the ...

the lower projected fiscal deficit level for fy12 and government borrowings was an initial trigger for banking sector stocks. ...

trading in the indian currency is swiftly gaining popularity in dubai. futures contracts of the rupee against the dollar listed ...

the finance ministry s plan to offer basic banking licences may find few takers because of doubts over the commercial viability ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao today reiterated that monetary policy remained the first line of defence against ...

federal reserve vice-chairman janet yellen and european central bank vice-president vitor constancio said they ll act to ...

keeping with an interim order passed by the supreme court in connection with the disbursement of funds of harshad mehta group ...

first-year premium collections by life insurance companies increased 25.8 per cent to rs 94,820 crore in the april-january period ...

our target is to increase the total business up to rs 2.20 lakh crore by march 31, 2011, while the business level had ...

state-owned punjab sind bank (psb) today raised its fixed deposit rates across various maturities by up to 100 basis ...

in the backdrop of microfinance institutions (mfi) coming under the reserve bank of india (rbi) scanner, india s premier ...

the indian rupee appreciated by 9 paise to rs 45.39 per dollar at the interbank foreign exchange today, supported by a higher ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, has mopped up rs 3,897 crore on the retail side through its latest bond ...

two more private lenders have decided to increase lending rates following similar announcements from icici bank and hdfc bank on ...

the guest coordinators at leading television channels are in a fix. on the budget day coming monday, many of the high profile ...

four bankers who worked at credit suisse group were charged with conspiring to help clients in the us evade taxes through secret ...

private lender ratnakar bank aims to double its network in the next two years by setting up 100 more branches, predominantly in ...

infrastructure development finance company (idfc) plans to raise up to rs 2,172 crore through long-term infrastructure bonds. ...

l t general insurance company has planned a slew of health insurance products in an attempt to make some serious inroads in ...

naina lal kidwai, hsbc holdings plc s country head for india, remembers when the bank s plan to boost profits by ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday said capital inflows could hurt the economy if they exceeded the absorptive capacity, ...

state bank of india (sbi) the nation s largest bank has decided to withdraw from the certificate of deposit ...

soiled notes may soon be a thing of past as the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked all bank branches handling large amounts of ...

the indian rupee fell by 14 paise to rs 45.26 per us dollar in early trade at the interbank foreign exchange today on sustained ...

following the footsteps of bigger rival state bank of india, the country s top two private banks, hdfc bank and icici bank, ...

idbi bank, which six years back had transformed into a universal bank, is betting big on north-east. besides infrastructure ...

thane janata sahakari bank ltd. (tjsb), a multi-state scheduled bank, is planning to open 12 new branches at select locations by ...

to fund infrastructure projects in the public-private-partnership model, the forthcoming budget could lay down some broad ...

state bank of india (sbi) on wednesday said it had not sought a blanket approval from the government for merging the remaining ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), is planning to merge the remaining five associate banks with ...

we think interest rates are still on their way up. we see a movement of anywhere between 75 and 100 basis point from here ...

country s two leading private sector lenders icici bank and hdfc bank today increased their lending rates by up to 50 basis ...

rating agency fitch today upgraded long-term rating of indusind bank by one notch on the back of its strong capitalisation and ...

private sector lender kotak mahindra bank today launched its 300th branch and announced plans to reach the 500th branch mark by ...

country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) plans consolidation of remaining 5 associate banks with itself in the next ...

international finance corporation (ifc) will extend $50 million worth of loans to ptc india financial services for development of ...

the indian rupee opened 2 paise lower at rs 45.28 per us dollar in early trade on the interbank foreign exchange today amid ...

zurich financial services, switzerland s largest insurer, agreed to pay as much as $2.1 billion for 51 per cent of banco ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) technical advisory committee had considered linking the repo facility to credit-deposit ...

stocks in developed countries are rising the most since 1998 while emerging markets slump, a sign the us is returning to its role ...

as part of its growth plans, private insurer metlife india has begun talks with at least three public sector banks (psbs) for ...

karnataka-headquartered public sector lenders, syndicate bank and corporation bank have received the approval from the government ...

reliance equity advisors, the private equity (pe) arm of anil ambani-owned reliance capital, is all set to close three deals in ...

the infrastructure sector remained a favourite of private equity (pe) investors in the year gone by. with deals worth $4 billion ...

in the us bond market, the new normal is looking a lot like the old normal. interest-rate derivatives show traders anticipate ...

accusing government of adhocism, a parliamentary committee today demanded a clear policy on mergers and consolidation in the ...

kotak mahindra bank that entered the credit card business in 2007 as part of its retail expansion, expects the portfolio to ...

even as the sectoral regulator irda has said ipo guidelines will be out within the next 45 days, leading private sector insurer ...

market regulator sebi has given the nod for state bank of bikaner and jaipur (sbbj), the largest associate bank of sbi, to raise ...

the indian rupee shed 20 paise from a seven-week high to rs 45.18 per us dollar in early trade at the interbank foreign exchange ...

spain s decision to force lenders to meet stricter capital rules or risk state ownership will provide a boon to bankers and ...

the reserve bank of india may need to cut cash reserve ratio (crr) by over 200 basis points to infuse about rs 1,00,000 crore to ...

ratings agency icra on monday said a majority of the 73 asset-backed securitisation (abs) rated by it continued to demonstrate a ...

japanese prime minister naoto kan s wish for a weaker yen is coming true as the strengthening global economy encourages the ...

european central bank policy makers signaled they may support raising interest rates in coming months as the economy recovers and ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, on monday became a signatory investor to the carbon disclosure ...

iceland may shelve plans to sell its first eurobonds since 2006 after president olafur r grimsson refused to sign a $5-billion ...

apart from this branch network, the bank also has 2,150 atms to serve a clientele base exceeding 38 million at present, canara ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) will come out with guidelines for mergers and acquisitions (m a) ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, today became a signatory investor in the carbon disclosure project ...

the indian rupee was up by 12 paise at 45.08 per us dollar in early trade today on sustained dollar-selling by exporters and ...

with the focus on enterprise development activities and to make the rural masses self-sustainable, the commonwealth secretariat, ...

housing development finance corporation, the country s leading home mortgage provider, will invest in kaizen asset ...

reflecting increase in year-end demand, liquidity in the system may remain tight next week. banks have increased their borrowings ...

hdfc bank aims to increase the number of clients using its mobile banking services in andhra pradesh to 10% of its customer base ...

the net interest margins (nim) of indian banks are expected to shrink in 2011, despite an estimated growth of 20-22% in loans, ...

banks say they have no objection to savings rate deregulation, but they believe the timing could be better as the prevailing ...

individual investors could be hurt should regulators alter an equities-trading rule limiting the prices at which brokers can ...

the executives, including chief operating officer john havens, 54, and chief financial officer john gerspach, 57, will get a ...

china s central bank raised reserve requirements for lenders 10 days after boosting interest rates as premier wen jiabao ...

state-owned indian bank on friday raised the lending rate for its existing customers by 25 basis points to 13.75 per cent in line ...

india s foreign exchange reserves fell $752 million to $298.6 billion during the week ended february 11 mainly on ...

hinting that interest rates may have little room left to move up, state bank of india (sbi) chairman o p bhatt on friday said ...

as many as 11 asset management companies, including hsbc, uti and icici securities, are in the fray to manage the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may implement some recommendations made by the malegam committee on regulating the microfinance ...

the nation s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today announced the launch of a rs 2,000-crore retail bond issue from ...

state-owned lender indian bank today hiked lending rate for its existing customers by 25 basis points to 13.75% in line with ...

two more state-owned banks dena bank and vijaya bank on thursday said they would get rs 848 crore from the ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee should raise tax exemption limit on interest from bank fixed-deposits (fds) to encourage people ...

the index of us leading indicators rose in january for the seventh straight month, signalling the expansion will extend into this ...

the rushikulya gramya bank (rgb), a regional rural bank (rrb) operating in south orissa, has become the first rrb in the state to ...

to plug yet another loophole in the insurance industry, the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has asked ...

the government will infuse rs 1,259 crore as equity capital into three psu lenders -- dena bank, bank of maharashtra (bom) and ...

non-profit trade association prepaid international forum today said prepaid cards will play an important role in financial ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee should raise tax exemption limit on interest from bank-fixed deposits to encourage people to ...

the government will infuse rs 907 crore as equity capital into two psu lenders -- dena bank and vijaya bank -- as part of ...

union bank of india, one of india s leading public sector banks, is eyeing a 25 per cent growth in its total business from its ...

london, the financial capital of europe, is coming to grips with a foreign concept none of its three most important regulators ...

swiss banking powerhouse ubs today denied recent media reports alleging that it had maintained a business relationship with hasan ...

an increasing number of businesses are planning to expand through acquisitions, according to the grant thornton international ...

goldman sachs group, the us bank that relied on fixed-income trading for the largest portion of its revenue, will shut its global ...

in order to harness business in the education loan segment, public sector lender central bank of india is planning to ...

the government has decided to infuse rs 1,248 crore into two public sector banks uco bank and united bank of india ...

with restructured assets in better health than before, rating agency care said additions to gross non-performing assets (npas) of ...

ing life insurance company , the insurance arm of the ing group, is eyeing 50 per cent increase in business from the northern ...

idbi federal life insurance sees growth opportunity in the pension segment, which had shrunk to 2-3 percent of the total ...

the government has decided to infuse rs 1,248 crore into two public sector banks uco bank and united bank of india as part of ...

a new report from technology arm of market analyst firm datamonitor shows that almost two-thirds of retail banks across the world ...

icici venture (i-ven), the largest private equity (pe) player in india, is looking to achieve the first closure of its ...

private life insurer ing life india on tuesday launched a new product ing ace in the uttar pradesh market. the new plan has two ...

the aggregate deposits in banks grew by 13.9% in the july-september period, much below the government s target of 20% for the ...

the state bank of patiala (sbop) today said it has signed a mou to become a registrar for the unique identification authority of ...

sebi has proposed a new reporting system for mutual funds based on xbrl technology -- a globally accepted standardised business ...

with more and more indians opting for health insurance policies, the claims paid by insurance companies jumped over 82% to rs ...

leading stock exchange nse has asked its member brokers to ensure in-person verification of all their clients -- a move seen as ...

insurance regulator irda today said it has cancelled the licence of pnb principal insurance broking pursuant to their request for ...

within four years of commencing operations in the uk, punjab national bank (international) ltd has opened its sixth branch here ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) might take further monetary tightening measures to tame inflation, which stood at 8.23 per cent ...

kotak mahindra bank ltd. (kmbl), one of india s leading private banks, will scale up its financial inclusion initiatives in ...

state-owned vijaya bank might seek a second deadline extension for meeting the 70-per cent provision coverage ratio (pcr) norm ...

insurance companies may like to deal with hospitals and third-party administrators (tpas) more cautiously after going through the ...

with the interest rates hiked by almost all banks, demand for residential properties in gujarat have already begun plummeting. ...

the state cabinet on monday gave its nod to the ap state finance corporation (apsfc) to raise rs 200 crore from the open market ...

the rupee extended gains in afternoon trade on monday as dollar inflows on the back of strong local shares, as well as firm asian ...

liquidity conditions are set to worsen in the coming week as the drawdown from rbi s repo window is expected to touch the ...

indian overseas bank is eyeing entry into africa and convert its representative offices in dubai and china into branches as part ...

home loan borrowers may get a piece of good news soon. pre-payment penalties, which are 2 per cent or above of the outstanding ...

the number of credit cards around has been steadily falling since the start of the current financial year. the latest reserve ...

when duvvuri subbarao took charge as the twenty-second governor of the reserve bank of india (rbi) in september, 2008, he had to ...

state bank of india wants to promote its gold deposit scheme under which it has accumulated 7.79 tonnes of the precious metal so ...

sks microfinance ltd, india s largest and only listed micro finance institution (mfi), has disbursed loans worth rs 2034 crore in ...

the regulator said for the next three financial years, persistency for agents should be at least 50 per cent in terms of both ...

despite drastic slowdown seen in industrial growth numbers in december, the reserve bank of india (rbi) is expected to continue ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has once again expressed its discomfort over teaser loan rates and questioned banks ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today came out with draft guidelines for mergers and acquisitions of ...

the country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today raised lending and deposit rates on select maturities by 25 basis ...

banking major hsbc india today said it has raised its resident fixed deposit rates by 0.5-0.75% on select maturities.

the indian rupee fell by 2 paise to a one-week low of rs 45.74 against the us dollar in early trade on the interbank foreign ...

policyholders can now switch insurer and carry the benefits of the previous health insurance policy. the insurance regulatory and ...

the panel, which was set up by communications minister kapil sibal to identify lapses in procedures at the ministry and those ...

bank of india has raised $750 million by issuing reg-s international dual tranche bonds to support overseas operations. the issue ...

icici securities (i-sec) today said anup bagchi would replace madhabi puri-buch as managing director and chief executive officer ...

it is now possible for public sector bank employees to climb the career ladder faster. keeping in mind the shortfall that is ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday said that inflation was a perennial tension and it would have to do a tough balancing ...

the rupee fell the most in more than a month on speculation foreign investors are pulling money from the country s share ...

the authority has examined various issues involved in the portability of health insurance plan and has issued necessary ...

the nation s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) has raised 325 million swiss franc (around rs 1,500 crore) via an ...

the new york stock exchange and germany s deutsche borse ag are in advanced talks for a potential merger deal that would create ...

the government today approved capital infusion of rs 1,100 crore for regional rural banks for improving their capital adequacy ...

private sector lender city union bank today reported a 41.94% jump in its net profit at rs 57.70 crore for the third quarter ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today released a framework for amalgamation of non-life insurance companies ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on wednesday allowed public sector banks to expense their pension and enhanced gratuity ...

the privileges of being the governor of the reserve bank of india are many. one of them is having one s signature stamped ...

muthoot finance, the largest gold loan non-banking finance company (nbfc) in the country, is set to tweak its business model ...

the public-sector punjab national bank (pnb) would cover 4,700 unbanked villages nationally having population of over 2,000 by ...

banks efforts to mobilise deposits have paid off. banks raised rs 37,730 crore deposits in the fortnight ended january 28, ...

aig said higher-than-forecast claims costs cut fourth-quarter profit by $4.1 billion, and $2 billion previously designated to ...

chancellor of the exchequer george osborne announced an agreement by britain s biggest banks that they d pay lower ...

after increasing its base rate-the minimum limit beyond which the bank can not lend- last week, public sector union bank of india ...

the country s third-largest lender bank of baroda (bob) today said that it has appointed hewlett packard (hp) to implement its it ...

credit offtake from public and private sector banks in the country grew by 23.4% for the one-year period ended january 28, ...

public sector lender corporation bank today announced a 50-basis point (bps) hike in its base rate-- the minimum rate below which ...

nabard has sanctioned a loan of rs 209.20 crore under ridf (rural infrastructure development fund) to the haryana government for ...

with the budget just round the corner, insurance companies have suggested a separate limit for deductions under section 80c of ...

india infrastructure finance company ltd (iifcl) has announced a public issue of long-term infrastructure bonds to raise up to rs ...

in a bid to diversify its liability portfolio, infrastructure development finance company (idfc) plans to go for external ...

the export import bank of india will raise a loan of $300 million by the end of the current year to provide financial assistance ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on tuesday said non-resident indians (nris) would not be eligible for incentives on interest for ...

the damodaran committee appointed by the reserve bank of india (rbi) to revisit the issue of banks customer services is ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said non-resident indians (nris) would not be eligible for incentives on interest on home ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may soon tighten its noose on banks lacking on customer service front by a new set of rules, ...

terming concerns expressed by some quarters over governance-deficit, tight liquidity and inflation in the country as ...

taking its price war with main rival national stock exchange (nse) up a notch, the bombay stock exchange (bse) has announced the ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) on monday sanctioned over rs 112 crore to the himachal pradesh ...

the credit guarantee fund scheme for micro and small enterprises (cgtmse), which guarantees collateral-free bank credit for micro ...

state-run india infrastructure finance company ltd (iifcl), world bank, asian development bank (adb) and the government will come ...

engineering giant larsen toubro on monday said l t finance, its wholly-owned financial services arm, might come out ...

audi ag, the luxury unit of volkswagen ag, plans to form an auto finance arm in india after offering car loans helped rival ...

non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) engaged in gold loan business may overhaul their business models, especially the ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned rs 110.76 crore to the orissa government under ...

the hyderabad-based bank has also fixed an interim target to cover around 500 villages by the end of the current financial year ...

karur vysya bank (kvb) on monday got an approval from its board for the proposed rs 450-crore rights issue. according to the ...

egypt s political crisis might drive oil and commodity prices higher, flagging a new risk to inflation that might ...

as against the existing channels of delivery of banking and financial services in the rural under-banked areas, adoption of ...

banks are not ruling out the possibility of increasing retail term deposit rates further , as they struggle to raise funds amid ...

public sector lender idbi bank today increased its minimum rate of lending or the base rate by 0.5% to 9.50% and benchmark prime ...

news that computer hackers had infiltrated the operator of the nasdaq stock exchange is the latest blow for wall street as it ...

retirement fund manager employees provident fund organisation s (epfo s) trustees are likely to approve a ...

private banks are not in a hurry to raise additional capital, even as most of them witnessed erosion in their capital adequacy ...

ubi will set up customer care service points (ccsps) in un-banked villages where a business correspondent of the bank will ...

high interest rate and lack of clarity on end use of funds was the primary reason behind the regulator asking banks not to ...

with a spike in food inflation, c rangarajan, chairman of economic council to the prime minister, today said he would not be ...

private sector lender karur vysya bank today said it has increased its base rate, the minimum lending rate, by 50 basis points to ...

the computer network of the nasdaq stock market was targeted by the online hackers several times last year, setting off an alarm ...

a day after sks microfinance s warning that it might pull out of andhra pradesh, the state government said it would not make any ...

with funds turning expensive in india, government-owned banks are turning abroad to raise resources. at least half a dozen plan ...

after hovering around rs 80,000 crore for a month, the liquidity deficit has come down to reserve bank of india s comfort ...

international finance corporation (ifc) is planning to invest around rs 345 crore in export-import bank of india (exim). the loan ...

state-run indian overseas bank (iob) today announced it will soon start a dedicated subsidiary for financial services, which will ...

indian bank today said it plans to increase revenue contribution from fee-based and non-interest income from current 11% to 13% ...

india infrastructure finance company limited (iifcl) will soon come up with a product that will allow it to upgrade ratings of ...

suparna kumar dey purkayastha has joined as general manager, uco bank-cum-convener of the state level bankers committee ...

the multi-crore fraud at the gurgaon branch of citibank has prompted the banking regulator to review existing norms for the ...

non-life insurance companies registered 22.41 per cent growth in premium collections during the first nine months of the ...

after a notional loss of rs 1,400 crore was reported in three pension schemes of the country s largest insurance company, ...

standard chartered bank has gone in for a senior-level reshuffle under which arup roy, its head of corporate banking in india, ...

milestone capital advisors, the private equity firm with focus on real estate investments, is set to close two deals worth rs 160 ...

government owned lenders, bank of baroda, andhra bank and union bank of india on thursday followed their counterparts by raising ...

barclays, standard chartered and hsbc holdings, three of britain s biggest lenders, are toning down threats they made last ...

american express on thursday launched its gold charged card -american express gold card where members can earn 12,000 points a ...

l t infrastructure finance on thursday said it would issue its third set of long-term infrastructure bonds for retail ...

revising the guidelines for foreign exchange business, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today asked banks dealing in forex to set ...

microfinance companies in india adopt a comparatively low-cost model of operation than their counterparts in markets like ...

public sector canara bank has raised its benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) by 50 basis points, from 13.25% to 13.75% with ...

responding to the reserve bank of india s signal on january 25 to rein in inflation, bank of baroda has increased its benchmark ...

microfinance institutions (mfis) are making regular payments to investors who had invested in debt instruments floated by them ...

a motor insurance policy covers the liability of a policyholder, which he she may become legally liable to pay on account of ...

the public sector lender, allahabad bank is planning to set up nine branches in gujarat with at least four of them in rural area ...

faering capital, promoted by former morgan stanley executive sameer shroff and hdfc honcho deepak parekh s son aditya ...

even as banks adopted technology in the decade gone by, the envisaged benefits were yet to reach the customers, the reserve bank ...

india is considering allowing new private sector banks, including those by industrial houses, and a roadmap for the same could be ...

moody s investors service downgraded the ratings for five egyptian banks while standard poor s lowered its ratings for two ...

the proposed microfinance bill may not see the light of day, as the finance ministry is having second thoughts on coming out with ...

be it promotional schemes like 500-day and 1,000-day deposits, free insurance or gifts, banks are using all their marketing ...

the union new and renewable energy ministry said uttar pradesh was progressing very well in off-grid solar energy ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), will raise rs 10,000 crore through bonds to augment its capital base to ...

owing to higher core earnings, public sector lender syndicate bank has registered a 24.5 per cent rise in net profit to rs 256.1 ...

after unit-linked pension products disappeared from the market following an imposition of guaranteed returns of 4.5 per cent, the ...

asset reconstruction companies (arcs), known as the scrap merchants of the banking sector, are gearing up for big business in the ...

china s manufacturing growth slowed for a second month in january after the central bank raised interest rates and as ...

public sector lender bank of india (boi) today said it will raise rs 30 crore by way of issuance of fresh shares on a ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said restrictions imposed on purchase of indusind bank s shares by overseas investors have ...

the banking ombudsman has received 18,810 credit card complaints, which accounted for 24 per cent of the total grievances ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) today said its total business size would cross rs 1.50 lakh ...

the country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today raised interest rates on foreign currency non residential (fcnr) ...

it had a net profit of rs 205.74 crore during the same period of last fiscal, syndicate bank said in a filing to the bombay stock ...

seven lenders, including bank of baroda (bob) and hdfc, today raised interest rates by up to 50 basis points (bps), in response ...

public sector lender central bank of india has filed papers with market regulator sebi for approval to raise rs 2,500 crore ...

credit card usage over phone will employ an additional security layer from tomorrow as the reserve bank of india (rbi) has made ...

narrowing net interest margins (nims) in a rising interest rate regime are likely to moderate the profitability of indian banks ...

following anand sinha s elevation as reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor, s karuppasamy has been promoted an ...

bangalore-headquartered public sector lender canara bank is hopeful of maintaining the growth momentumoin the advances front in ...

almost four months after initiating a probe into alleged fraud in loans to zoom developers, the central bureau of investigation ...

indiafirst life insurance, jointly promoted by bank of baroda, andhra bank and legal general, is planning to introduce ...

public lender andhra bank posted a net profit of rs 331 crore for the quarter-ended december, as against rs 275 crore in the ...

public lender canara bank has posted a net profit of rs 1,105.73 crore for the quarter-ended december, as against rs 1,052.58 ...

liquidity deficit in the system crossed rs 1 lakh crore on the first day of the reporting fortnight with banks rushing to cover ...

the personal loans segment recorded a 13.4 per cent growth year-on-year in december 2010, after it had seen a decline of 0.4 per ...

infrastructure development finance co (idfc) is selling 10-year bonds after indian overseas bank issued 15-year debt, as the ...

within a week of the reserve bank of india (rbi) hiking key policy rates, several lenders, including punjab national bank (pnb), ...

lic has completed 2,52,44,846 policies and received rs 34,137.12 crore in first premium income in the current financial ...

the rising cost of funds is likely to hit margins and impact the profitability of the indian banking sector in 2011, according to ...

it had a net profit of rs 275.39 crore during the same quarter of last fiscal, andhra bank said in a filing to the bombay stock ...

banks have sought capital subsidy and other incentives from the uttarakhand government to complete the financial inclusion ...

the all india bank officers confederation (aiboc) has demanded that all banks including the new generation private sector banks ...

credit card usage over phone will need an additional security layer from tomorrow, as the rbi has made it mandatory for customers ...

the bank which has achieved a total business of rs 4600 crore in the state by the end of december 2010, expects to achieve the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) clampdown on the main conduit used for settling trade transactions with iran has affected trade ...

central bank rbi is looking to clear its offices from the heavy paper-load and digitise all the documents lying in its various ...

state bank of india chairman o p bhatt says the bank did differ with the reserve bank of india s views on a host of issues, ...

national housing bank (nhb), the regulator for housing finance companies (hfcs), may increase its refinance rate. this rate hike ...

the interest rates on certificates of deposits (cds) in one-year segment may rise above 10 per cent this week. last week, they ...

continuing with its examination into 2g spectrum allocation, parliament s public accounts committee has called reserve bank ...

indian overseas bank (iob) is planning to raise $1 billion (around rs 4,600 crore) by way of medium term notes (mtn) in various ...

national cooperative agriculture and rural development banks federation, mumbai, with the collaboration of punjab state ...

with mounting pressure to set aside substantial amounts each quarter to improve provision cover for bad loans, state bank of ...

rating firm fitch today said the rs 400-crore fraud at citibank india s gurgaon branch will not impact the bank s short-term ...

uti mutual fund is starting its second round of pan-india investor education and financial inclusion initiative from february 2 ...

goldman sachs gave chairman and chief executive officer lloyd blankfein a $12.6 million stock bonus for 2010, an increase from $9 ...

public sector lender central bank of india today said it has signed a distribution agreement with idfc asset management company ...

bank of baroda (bob) today said its third-quarter net profit rose 28.4 per cent on robust loan growth. the bank s net ...

according to the reserve bank of india (rbi) data, deposits grew 16.43 per cent on a year-on-year basis till january 14. credit ...

flagging the issue of misreporting of priority sector lending (psl) performance by banks, the reserve bank of india (rbi) on ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) chairman j hari narayan said some segments of the insurance industry might ...

after a tough quarter, insurance companies are going through a second round of cost rationalisation. a number of private sector ...

foreign banks converting their branches into wholly-owned subsidiaries will not be required to pay capital gains tax from the ...

it had a net profit of rs 110.25 crore during the corresponding quarter of last fiscal, federal bank said in a filing to the ...

credit offtake from public and private sector banks in the country grew by 23.7 per cent to rs 38.30 lakh crore during the ...

the growth rate of insurance companies may come down this fiscal and it will take a year before they stabilise, the insurance ...

public sector lender oriental bank of commerce (obc) today said it will take a call on hiking lending rates in tandem with sector ...

the city-headquartered company reported net profits of rs 55.38 crore during the same period of previous year, sundaram finance ...

in the year-ago period, the banking entity had a net profit of rs 245.82 crore, uco bank said in a filing to the bombay stock ...

after being on the defensive for the last two years, global bankers are making their presence felt in davos. the tone was set ...

a little over a month after sajjan jindal s jsw steel picked up a majority stake in ispat industries, the change in ...

bank of baroda (bob), the third largest public sector bank in the country, has set a target of rs 4200-crore business in orissa ...

at a time when the micro finance institutions (mfis) are facing the heat due to steep interest rates charged by them, the orissa ...

kerala chief minister vs achuthanandan on thursday inaugurated the go green initiatives of catholic syrian bank, launched as ...

the bank would like to moderate credit growth to 10-12 per cent. it will not grow at over 33 per cent the way it did in ...

two days after rbi raised key policy rates, hdfc bank has it would soon raise lending rates, a decision that would make emis ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao today said a decision regarding the implementation of the malegam committee ...

beating estimates, hdfc bank posted a net profit of rs 1,088 crore, up 20 per cent sequentially and 33 per cent year-on-year, as ...

the enactment of a new law to control microfinance institutions in andhra pradesh has hit the number of disbursements and quantum ...

two days after rbi raised key policy rates, private sector lender hdfc bank today said it will soon hike lending rates, a ...

the bank had a net profit of rs 287 crore in the corresponding quarter of 2009-10, idbi said in a filing to the bombay stock ...

state-run central bank of india today said reserve bank of india s (rbi) credit policy initiative has increased pressure on ...

total income of the bank rose to rs 6,357.8 crore at the end of december quarter, from rs 4,933.9 crore in the same period last ...

the country s apex bank, the reserve bank of india (rbi), today said that open market operations (omo) in the bond market is more ...

undeterred by the murmur over governance deficit impacting growth in india, icici bank ceo and managing director chanda kochhar ...

visa launched its 2011 premium access programme for visa infinite, visa signature and visa platinum cardholders in india today. ...

taurus mutual fund launched a new fund offer (nfo), taurus dynamic income fund, an open-ended income scheme on january 25. the ...

the indian rupee appreciated by 9 paise to rs 45.62 a dollar, snapping its five-session losing streak, at the interbank foreign ...

as part of its financial inclusion programme, the state bank of hyderabad on wednesday issued biometric smart cards to ...

some chinese banks have raised lending rates to as much as 1.45 times benchmark levels in response to government calls to rein in ...

infrastructure development finance company limited (idfc) will look to raise about rs 5,500 crore through external commercial ...

india s largest private sector lender, icici bank, will add 400-500 branches annually over the next three years and focus on ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on tuesday raised its projection for wholesale price index-based inflation to 7 per cent at the ...

sks microfinance limited reported a 38.4 per cent fall in its net profit to rs 34.15 crore for the quarter ended december 31, ...

traders are starting to believe german chancellor angela merkel when she says europe s biggest economy will do whatever it ...

the us treasury department will probably reduce its borrowing on behalf of the federal reserve as the obama administration and ...

valuations for us financial stocks have fallen so far, it s like the rebound from the worst crisis since the 1930s never ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao today said the central bank considered 50 basis point hike in policy rates but ...

it had a net profit of rs 287.15 crore during the corresponding quarter of last fiscal, idbi bank said in a filing to the bombay ...

the kerala based federal bank, pioneers in introducing many innovative products, today announced total freeing of atm operations ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today extended its special measures for easing the monetary supply till april 8, in view of the ...

national bulk handling corporation (nbhc), the country s leading integrated agri-commodity and collateral management company, has ...

with its total business touching rs 4.45 lakh crore at the end of december, 2010, bank of india will focus on retail and ...

sks microfinance today reported a 38 per cent fall in third-quarter net profit at rs 34.1 crore, compared to rs 55.4 crore in the ...

morgan stanley managing director kamal ahmed is cooperating with the bank s investigation of allegations ...

mangalore-based private sector lender, karnataka bank, has posted a 5.4 per cent rise in its net profit to rs 38.59 crore in the ...

despite improved margins, profits of public sector banks union bank of india (ubi) and indian bank took a hit in ...

although the credit deposit ratio (cdr) of 54 per cent in uttarakhand has showed considerable improvement during the past few ...

the country s largest private sector lender, icici bank, on monday reported a 77.5 per cent increase in consolidated net ...

with the government revising wages under mgnrega, it could be another pressure point for rising inflation, if appropriate policy ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today set the stage for a series of rate hikes to tackle inflation, which the central bank ...

flagging widening current account deficit as a major risk, the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday said the government should ...

dhanlaxmi bank s net profit for the third quarter ended december 31, 2010, increased by over five times to rs 7.3 crore, from rs ...

with eight chairmen and 12 executive directors (eds) of public sector banks retiring in 2011-12, the government has set the ball ...

the coming quarters might see a reduction in the pressure on interest rates due to easing of liquidity and a fall in government ...

cautioning that high current account deficit cannot be sustained in the long run, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it ...

amid indications of another hike in key policy rates by the rbi in its quarterly review tomorrow, industry body assocham today ...

icici bank today said it expects 20 per cent credit growth in the next financial year, 2011-12, which would be a tad higher than ...

citibank has started refunding money to those who had invested in the fraudulent scheme run by its relationship manager at ...

state bank of india (sbi) is planning to open 500 new atms in andhra pradesh during the next financial year. of this, operations ...

the bank employees federation of india (befi), a pan-india organisation of employees of public sector banks in the ...

the public sector lender, bank of india (boi) aims to cross the total business of rs 30,000 crore by march, 2011 with its focus ...

the wait for a chairman at punjab sind bank (psb) may get longer, as the prime minister s office (pmo) has sought an ...

market players expect a hit to the bond market only if the reserve bank of india (rbi) raises policy rates by more than 25 basis ...

karur vysya bank (kvb) has got foreign investment promotion board (fipb s) approval to issue shares, worth rs 107.50 crore ...

fails to utilise funds for public awareness in the year that it brought sweeping changes in industry the insurance regulatory ...

state bank of india, the largest lender in the country, today said its special home loan schemes did not fall under the ...

indian overseas bank (iob) is planning to increase its branches to 3,000 and touch an equal number in atms, across the country by ...

in a move to strengthen the information technology architecture of banks, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has entered into an agreement with the jammu kashmir government to act as the sole agent ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has come out strongly in support of a subsidiary-led model for foreign banks operating in india, ...

corporation bank on friday reported a 25.4 per cent increase in third quarter net profit to rs 382 crore compared to rs 305 crore ...

lower base and income from core operations helped state-owned bank of india post a 60.8 per cent increase in net profit to rs 653 ...

punjab national bank (pnb) on friday reported a 7.8 per cent increase in net profit to rs 1,090 crore for the quarter ended ...

indian bank today opened its second branch in jaffna, sri lanka, taking its international presence to three following its ...

the shares of lic housing finance (lichf), hit by a bribery scam recently, staged a smart recovery this week. the stock closed 23 ...

mahindra finance, the financial arm of mahindra mahindra, today said it will raise up to rs 570 crore through institutional ...

the state-run lender -- which got listed on the stock exchanges in december, the last nationalised bank in the country to do so ...

the reserve bank of india has conveyed its approval for the re-appointment of romesh sobti as managing director ceo of ...

concerned over rising incidents of cyber frauds, the rbi will soon ask banks to shift to chip- based atm cards from the existing ...

the insurance regulatory development authority (irda) today said the guidelines for public float of life insurance companies ...

state-owend indian bank today said it will increase its benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) by 0.25 per cent with effect from ...

the malegam committee report on the microfinance institutions (mfi), if implemented, will lead to consolidation in the sector as ...

state bank of india (sbi) has chalked out a plan to reach the reserve bank of india (rbi)-mandated 70 per cent provision coverage ...

the global bond market s expansion is slowing for the first time since 2005 as governments withdraw stimulus and credit ...

the frequency of rbi policy meetings has increased but the excitement surrounding them has not come down. the january policy ...

issuances of certificates of deposit fell on thursday because fund houses preferred to remain on the sidelines due to limited ...

bank borrowings are expected to stay well above rs 1 lakh crore for another couple of days and fall only after the monetary ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh) reported a net profit of rs 250.17 crore for the third quarter ended december 2010, up 13 per cent ...

icici bank ltd, india s largest private sector bank, on tuesday, converted its main branch in bhubaneswar into a mega commercial ...

private sector lender kotak mahindra bank has reported a rise of 16 per cent in its consolidated net profit to rs 384 crore ...

on the back of a strong december 2010 quarter performance, the lic housing finance (lichf) scrip has rallied by 14 per cent in ...

multiples alternate asset management, a private equity (pe) fund founded by renuka ramnath, the former ceo of icici venture, has ...

after hitting an intraday high of rs 756, or 13.08 per cent, shares of sks microfinance on thursday settled at rs 694.25, up 3.84 ...

state-lender indian overseas bank (iob) may again be forced to increase lending rates if inflation continues to hover around ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said that co-operative banks cannot give housing loans beyond 5 per cent of their total ...

city-based public sector lender state bank of hyderabad (sbh) is not keen to lend to microfinance institutions under the present ...

the united bank of india today reported a net profit of rs 163.14 crore, up by 33.9 per cent over the previous quarter in the ...

sks microfinance, which has been sailing in rough weather in andhra pradesh ever since the state government promulgated an ...

market regulator sebi has given approval to private sector lender karnataka bank s rights issue, allowing it to tap the capital ...

a reserve bank of india (rbi) team will visit germany this week to explore a new conduit for payments towards iranian crude oil ...

the overnight indexed swaps (ois) ended up today as some traders preferred to be on the paying side amid strong expectations of a ...

a former julius baer group ltd banker told a zurich court he sent account data to swiss tax offices in a trial over whether he ...

expressing concerns over high inflation, reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor k c chakrabarty today termed the situation ...

gruh finance ltd (gfl), a subsidiary of hdfc ltd has posted a profit after tax of rs 49.91 crore for the quarter ended december ...

the malegam committee, set up by reserve bank of india (rbi), today recommended a 24-per cent interest rate cap on microfinance ...

micro finance institutions are facing fund crunch in karnataka in the aftermath of regulatory restrictions imposed by andhra ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has asked life insurance corporation of india (lic) if it is complaint ...

catholic syrian bank (csb) has increased the interest rates on domestic term deposits for various maturities between 1and 5 ...

karur vysya bank (kvb) has received the foreign investment promotion board s approval to issue shares worth rs 107.50 crore to ...

private insurer icici lombard, along with national reinsurer general insurance corporation of india (gic), is likely to take a ...

in a bid to undo the damage caused by the recent loan bribery scam, lic housing finance (lichf) has stopped financing project ...

inflation is likely to remain at elevated levels. the sharp rise in prices of vegetables may reverse, but the same is unlikely to ...

the committee, headed by rbi s central board director y h malegam, also pitched for creation of a separate category of ...

the government-owned indian bank today said its follow-on-public offer (fpo) of about rs 1,500 crore was expected to hit the ...

the rupee strengthened by 7 paise to rs 45.35 a dollar in early trade today on weakness in the us currency against major world ...

the government today notified the appointment of anand sinha, an executive director of the reserve bank of india (rbi), as one of ...

perceiving a threat of money laundering and terror-financing in banking transactions with iran, the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

icici bank, the country s largest private sector lender, today launched cash withdrawal facility for customers at point of ...

the reserve bank of india has warned investors against putting money in sahara group companies deposits. in a public ...

development credit bank clocked a net profit of rs 8.1 crore for the quarter-ended december, as against a loss of rs 18 crore in ...

balarami reddy, executive director-finance of hyderabad-based ivrcl (the engineering, procurement and construction company), is ...

indian bank, one of the country s leading public sector banks, is eyeing a pan-india business of rs five lakh crore and a net ...

3i group plc, europe s largest publicly traded private equity firm, plans to start a $1.5 billion fund in about six months to ...

bangalore based public sector lender, state bank of mysore (sbm) is hopeful of achieving 20 per cent credit growth by the end of ...

public lender state bank of travancore has posted a net profit of rs 176.01 crore for the quarter-ended december, as against rs ...

the government today cleared the appointment of anand sinha, as the reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor in place of usha ...

financial services major, bajaj finserv, plans to launch its wealth management subsidiary -- bajaj financial solutions -- in the ...

development credit bank (dcb) clocked a net profit rs 8.1 crore for the the third quarter ended december 2010, compared to a loss ...

the gurgaon police today said it was investigating more citibank officials for their possible links to the scam in which high net ...

the commercial banks in karnataka are lagging behind the schedule of achieving the financial inclusion targets set up by the ...

with the introduction of a 25-basis points (bps) provisioning on standard assets, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today tightened ...

daiwa asset management, the money management arm of japan s daiwa securities, has started its fund management business in ...

nbfcs raise rates for realtors...

with liquidity from traditional channels like banks and equity markets drying up for property developers, non-banking finance ...

catholic syrian bank (csb) has increased the interest rates on domestic term deposits for various maturities between 1 and 5 ...

healthy growth in core and fee incomes helped axis bank clock a 36 per cent rise in net profit for the quarter ended december. ...

trade unions are up in arms against the reported refusal of the finance ministry to approve and notify an interest rate of 9.5 ...

to make its stock market investments transparent and avoid further controversy, life insurance corporation (lic) has discontinued ...

government bonds fell today amid fears of sharper-than-expected monetary tightening by the reserve bank of india (rbi) in its ...

the difference between 2- and 30-year treasury yields widened to a record as investors demanded higher compensation when buying ...

commercial banks now prefer one-year certificate of deposit (cds) to short-term paper (of three- to six-month duration) to raise ...

switzerland s central bank said it might have posted a record loss in 2010 as the euro s slump eroded the value of ...

citibank, which has been hit by a rs 400 crore fraud at its gurgaon branch, today said it is reconciling its accounts and working ...

china told banks to set aside more deposits as reserves for the fourth time in two months, stepping up efforts to rein in ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said some banks were lax in checking end use of funds, thereby facilitating diversion of ...

mortgage lender housing development finance corporation (hdfc) has posted a 32.8 per cent rise in net profit to rs 891 crore for ...

banking on a bike, laptop and a data card -- after the success of its crorepati branch, one rupee accounts and banking for youth, ...

even as india has been cited as an example of prudential banking norms, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said some lenders ...

the government bond prices dropped due to fresh selling pressure from banks and corporates, while call money rates continued to ...

the central bureau of investigation (cbi) today approached a local court, seeking issuance of arrest warrants against six former ...

hdfc chairman deepak parekh today blamed the rs 400-crore citibank fraud on the absence of specific guidelines for wealth ...

wall street traders discouraged by declining bonuses this month can take solace they still earn much more than brain surgeons ...

union bank of india has started meeting investors, seeking to raise at least 125 million swiss franc ($128.5 million) in its ...

debt securities of banks must be capable of being written off or converted into common stock in a crisis if they were to count ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to create a separate category in the non-banking finance company (nbfc) space to ...

inordinate delays by the government in making appointments for crucial posts in reserve bank of india and state bank of india ...

rates on short-term money market instruments rose 5-10 basis points (bps) today as investors were cautious ahead of the reserve ...

a gurgaon court today denied anticipatory bail to raghuraj puri, the father of the main accused in the citibank multi-crore ...

the yuan traded close to a 17-year high today after the us made renewed calls for china to let its currency rise ahead of ...

hdfc ltd chairman deepak parekh today blamed the rs 400-crore citibank fraud to absence of specific guidelines for wealth ...

hdfc ltd chairman deepak parekh today said rbi is expected to raise key short-term rates by 25-50 basis points later this month, ...

the royal bank of scotland has appointed madan menon as singapore country executive to drive its wholesale and investment banking ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has decided to give new banking licences to create more capacity and competition in the indian ...

andhra bank has introduced a new term deposits scheme pattabhi plus at 9.1 per cent per annum for a tenure of 500 ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) is set to launch a slew of initiatives under its repositioning ...

american international group (aig), the insurer repaying a united states bailout, agreed to sell nan shan life insurance co to ...

after receiving a tepid response last year, infrastructure development finance company (idfc) is all set to raise rs 2,928 crore ...

mitsui co is in talks to acquire the remaining stake it doesn t already own in brazilian grain broker multigrain sa ...

the guidelines for initial public offers (ipos) by life insurance companies would be released early next month, the insurance ...

with inflation still at elevated levels, banks and key decision makers are bracing for an increase of up to 50 basis points (bps) ...

state bank of india chairman o p bhatt expects the reserve bank to raise its key policy interest rates by at least 25 basis ...

market regulator sebi today said that it is looking into the idea of setting up sme exchanges even though no bourses have ...

the interest rate on fixed deposits with a maturity period of 1-2 years has been increased by 25 basis points to 9.0 per cent, ...

state bank of india (sbi) opened its first financial planning and advisory services centre in the country here on tuesday. the ...

sks microfinance, the only listed microfinance institution (mfi) in the country, has reduced interest rates from 26.69 per cent ...

local banks in india are joining goldman sachs in predicting benchmark borrowing costs would climb one percentage point in 2011 ...

state bank of india s non-performing assets are likely to have peaked in oct-dec, but it would have to make provisions of ...

mutual funds invested in short-term money market instruments today due to inflows in their schemes. the rates also fell by five ...

considering the needs of the speedy credit linkage and assisting the self help groups in various documentation procedures and ...

buoyed by the response in haryana, nabard s punjab regional office is all set to popularise joint liability groups (jlgs) ...

public sector lender allahabad bank today said it will raise rs 2,600 crore in tier 2 capital this quarter to meet the growing ...

private sector lender indusind bank today announced an increase in fixed deposit rates by up to 175 basis, or 1.75 per cent, in ...

amid liquidity squeeze and a higher-than-expected credit offtake, bankers today requested the reserve bank of india (rbi) to ...

rural electrification corp and union bank of india are reviving bond sales to international investors after the market shut in ...

wall street banks are cutting their holdings of treasuries at the fastest pace since 2004 as the world s biggest bond firms ...

after carrying out a comprehensive health check-up of the financial sector in 2009, india has sought an assesment under the ...

germany may soften its opposition to expanding the region s 750 billion-euro ($966 billion) rescue facility as ...

after raising rs 285 crore from private equity and venture capital firms, star health allied insurance, the country s first ...

financial services group edelweiss capital today said its subsidiary is targeting to lend about rs 5,000 crore for retail housing ...

the income tax department may conduct a probe of its own into the rs 400-crore fraud exposed at citibank s gurgaon branch ...

fearing possible flow of black money into the system through jewellers and bullion dealers, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has ...

with a little improvement in liquidity conditions, the interest rate in the interbank overnight market may open steady tomorrow ...

the enforcement directorate has sought a copy of the fir filed by the police on the rs 400-crore citibank fraud with a view to ...

international monetary fund first deputy managing director john lipsky said us government finances will present policy makers ...

the enforcement directorate has sought a copy of the fir filed by the police on the rs 400 crore citibank fraud with a view to ...

fearing possible flow of black money into the system through jewellers and bullion dealers, rbi has asked banks to treat such ...

it may be a routine risk factor disclaimer, but global giant citibank has acknowledged that it runs the risk of possible fraud ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor shyamala gopinath today said the central bank was not keen on allowing banks to ...

days after the reserve bank of india (rbi) clamped down on the main conduit indian companies use for paying iranian oil, state ...

european central bank (ecb) president jean- claude trichet warned governments not to rely on the ecb to get europe out of its ...

home loan rates are likely to remain firm for a short period of time, owing to change in policy rates, said madhumita ganguli, ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor subbarao today said the status quo maintained by the central bank in the policy rates in the ...

shivraj puri, a citibank manager who allegedly swindled the bank s rich clients of around rs 300 crore, is understood to ...

a sharp rise in food inflation hit the auction for government securities worth rs 11,000 crore today, forcing bond houses to buy ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao today outlined for the central bank a comprehensive communication strategy aimed ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) and the reserve bank of india (rbi) are working in close association in ...

at a time when the country is reeling under inflationary pressure, principal advisor to the planning commission pronab sen today ...

private mortgage lender hdfc chairman deepak parekh today hit out at the national housing bank s (nhb) decision to raise ...

state-run bank of baroda (bob) today hiked interest rates on fixed deposits of different maturities in the range of 25 to 75 ...

sebi has begun the process of finalising its guidelines on the way bourses are owned and do business, based on the feedback ...

widening the ambit of its probe, the police today sought information from the national stock exchange (nse) about investments ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today proposed timelines for banks to migrate to advanced risk norms under basel ii, which ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today gave banks another six months, till june 30, to adopt the new method for computing base ...

the international monetary fund (imf) today said india might need to increase policy rates to contain inflation. it also ...

credit analysis and research ltd (care ratings) has said it has got the licence to conduct credit ratings in maldives. care has ...

state bank of india (sbi) is unlikely to merge any of its associate banks with itself in 2011, an official close to the ...

assets in money-market funds with fixed payout dates doubled in the past six months, outstripping stock and bond funds, as the ...

he would have 31 meetings during his short stay in india to build relationships with government officials and ...

the risk of owning an indian corporate bond has dropped the most compared to markets like china and russia as well as troubled ...

food inflation, which has risen for five consecutive weeks to a 23-week high, is expected to impact broader prices and put ...

indian bank has won the skoch financial inclusion award of the year 2011 for its self-help group (shg) initiatives and urban ...

high net-worth clients are calling shiv gupta, rbs s private banking head, demanding to know whether their money is safe. ...

axis bank on thursday launched axisdirect, an online trading platform. this marks the private sector bank s entry into the retail ...

despite the low premium and high benefits, the insurance schemes for handloom weavers has virtually remained a non-starter in ...

banking in rural areas in madhya pradesh is still a distant dream. against the target of making rural banking available through ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today gave banks another six months till june 30 to adopt the new method for computing base rate ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today asked insurance companies to refrain from charging policyholders ...

deutsche bank ag and rabobank nederland led european lenders selling us bonds yesterday ahead of euro-area countries, beset by ...

public sector indian bank plans to venture into life insurance. it is looking at floating a consortium with domestic and foreign ...

wells fargo co, the best rupee forecaster in 2010, predicts the currency s appreciation to double this year as the ...

the national housing bank (nhb) will roll out its mortgage guarantee company by june this year. the firm is being set up to ...

interest rates for deposits up to and including rs 1 crore are now 4 per cent (7-14 days), 5 per cent (15-45 days), 6 per cent ...

federal reserve officials signaled they ll probably push ahead with unprecedented stimulus until the recovery strengthens ...

in a startling development in the multi-crore financial scam in gurgaon, investigators have now trained their guns on more local ...

state bank of india (sbi) was looking to raise at least rs 1,000 crore through its second retail bond issue and was likely to ...

the dollar gained the most in eight weeks against the yen as a report showed us companies added almost three times jobs in ...

the philanthropic fund started by pierre omidyar, the founder of ebay inc, plans to be the biggest investor in projects targeting ...

rates on short-term debt instruments fell by 25-30 basis points today, as liquidity in the banking system has improved ...

state bank of mysore, a subsidiary of the country s largest lender sbi, today announced that it will hike its benchmark prime ...

public sector lender central bank of india today said its rights issue to raise rs 2,500 crore would hit the markets in this ...

public sector lender state bank of patiala has announced a 50 basis points hike in interest rates on term deposits of various ...

the third largest private sector lender axis bank today launched axisdirect, an online trading platform, marking its foray into ...

merchant bankers can not refer clients for alternative investments beyond securities market, such as corporate deposits and real ...

citibank has dismissed allegations of involvement of its senior executives in the rs 300 crore fraud at its gurgaon branch as ...

the european union (eu) may give regulators powers to block new products and limit trading risks at banks deemed too big to fail, ...

the crisis at citibank over the rs 300-crore fraud case deepened today, with one of those duped filing a police case against the ...

private lender lakshmi vilas bank was looking at a qualified institutional placement (qip) in february-march to improve its ...

the one-year interest-rate swap climbed to the highest relative to the benchmark lending rate since july 2008, as rising prices ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi s ) move to block dollar or euro payments for iranian oil threatens to swell a ...

rising cost of funds is making banks revisit credit growth estimates. state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest ...

rates on short-term money market instruments fell 5-10 basis points today because mutual funds received inflows in their schemes, ...

new delhi-based insurance and healthcare provider max india today said it will conduct a postal ballot to seek its shareholders ...

the employees provident fund organisation (epfo) plans to replace the provident fund (pf) account number with a unique ...

despite modifying its teaser home loan scheme, state bank of india (sbi) may have to make higher provisions for such loans as ...

shivraj puri, the alleged mastermind behind the rs 300-crore citibank fraud, invested most of the funds raised from corporate ...

thanks to its indemnity cover, citibank may not have to provide for the alleged multi-crore fraud by shivraj puri, the ...

bharti axa general insurance company ltd, a 74.26 joint venture between bharti enterprises and axa group, has set the target of ...

micro-finance institutions (mfis) are planning to take legal action against yes bank s move to recall a part of its loans ...

bank of america (bofa) will make a provision for charges worth $3 billion in the fourth quarter, related to repurchase of bad ...

in a bid to secure new growth engines, south korean banks plan to increase their operations in overseas markets including opening ...

state lender punjab national bank today said rakesh sethi has been appointed as the bank s executive director for a period of ...

state-run bank state bank of india has revised the base rate upwards by 40 basis points (bps) from 7.60% p.a. to 8.00% p.a.

a study of 21 large banks in the country has found that foreign banks, led by citi india, have the highest employee cost and hdfc ...

the counsel of shivraj puri, alleged mastermind behind the rs 300-crore citibank fraud, moved a local court today, seeking ...

rbi will carry out two surveys on industrial outlook and on capacity utilisation by the manufacturing sector. it has ...

tamil nadu has become the second largest state after andhra pradesh in the self-help group (shg)-bank linkage programme launched ...

for speedier transfer of funds electronically, banks will henceforth demand only the customer s account number for such ...

the interest rate in the overnight inter-bank market may see pressure to move up, due to demand for funds in the first week of ...

amid a surge in the number of bank scams, including the recent rs 400-crore citibank fraud, the reserve bank of india (rbi) is ...

state bank of india (sbi) has done away with the fixed rate on home loans in the initial years and offered a fixed discount ...

the credit deposit ratio (cd), of commercialbanks (cbs) and regional rural bank (rrbs) declined to 109 per cent as of march 31, ...

banks, which of late are seeing lower repayments from microfinance institutions, are facing a similar problem again. this time, ...

rbi has given banks one more month to put in place an extra layer of security -- one-time user password -- for credit card ...

treasuries rose as the 9.8 per cent unemployment rate, record low inflation and europe s deepening sovereign-debt crisis stoked ...

punjab national bank is planning a foray into the insurance business. the delhi-based bank has invited expressions of interest ...

the andhra pradesh micro finance institutions (regulation of money lending) act, 2011, which aims at curtailing coercive ...

a key question in the minds of people who have been defrauded, including the hero group, is why citibank went to police when the ...

after two days of investigations in the multi-crore financial fraud at citibank, the gurgaon police have found that the main ...

the credit-deposit ratio (cd) of commercial banks and regional rural banks (rrbs) in tamil nadu declined to 109 per cent as of ...

the government today voiced concern over artificial devaluation of currencies and said it could hurt the competitiveness of ...

having already adopted 75 unbanked villages in the country to be developed as model villages , the reserve bank of ...

india s external debt increased 12.8 per cent to $295.8 billion at the end of september 2010 from $262.3 billion at the end ...

aided by higher trade deficit and lower net invisibles, india s current account deficit in the september quarter widened to ...

a day after the gurgaon police arrested shivraj puri, a relationship manager of citibank on charges of duping wealthy clients of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has initiated a probe into the rs 300-crore fraud at citibank s gurgaon branch and will ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has estimated the priority sector credit potential for andhra ...

state-owned indian overseas bank may raise $250-500 million through medium term notes (mtn) in the next six months, a top ...

private sector lender kotak mahindra bank today hiked its minimum rate of lending or base rate by 0.25 per cent to 8.25 per cent, ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee today held the first meeting of the financial stability and development council (fsdc), a ...

two days after it was told about a huge financial fraud in delhi s suburban town, the gurgaon police arrested the prime ...

a former primary global research expert-networking consultant was charged by us prosecutors in manhattan with selling inside ...

every crisis need not necessarily have a silver lining. however, according to the trend witnessed in 2010, it is clear such ...

the recent revelations of financial irregularities, as in real estate firms allegedly involved in a loan syndication bribery case ...

state-run punjab and sind bank (psb) had an impressive listing on thursday, shooting nearly 22 per cent in first trades, even as ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday expressed concerns over the growing offshore dollar rupee market and said it ...

corporate bond sales worldwide topped $3 trillion for a second straight year, led by the highest-ever issuance of junk-rated ...

inflation remains a concern for the economy and the central bank will do whatever it can to dampen it if it feels the measures ...

financial inclusion requires work by mainstream financial institutions, such as banks and cooperatives, said k c chakrabarty, ...

fee for underwriting stock sales in india may remain near all-time lows as investment banks battle for market share, according to ...

citibank faces a significant liability from the rs 300-400-crore loss incurred by high net-worth customers. the loss followed a ...

global private equity giant blackstone has emerged as the top private equity investor in india investing a total of $441 million ...

rates on commercial papers fell 15-20 basis points on thursday, as fund houses stepped up purchases on inflows in their liquid ...

chennai-headquartered cholamandalam ms general insurance company limited (chola ms), a joint venture between murugappa group and ...

banks agree to reschedule loans for rain-hit farmers...

chief minister n kiran kumar reddy on thursday asked banks to rescue farmers by promptly rescheduling the kharif 2010 crop loans, ...

pointing to the risk of regulatory arbitrage, the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday said the issue of multiple regulators ...

rates on short-term money market instruments fell 5-10 basis points today as fund houses bought certificates of deposit on view ...

the recent guidelines on loan-to-value ratio and higher provisioning may help curb speculation in the property markets and even ...

the uttar pradesh government on wednesday decided to waive off the prerequisite government guarantee and fee for cash credit up ...

indian mergers and acquisitions in 2011 may surpass this year s record $71 billion of deals, led by oil and gas, metals and ...

with the quarter coming to an end, banks are rushing for certificate of deposits to shore up their deposit base to meet their ...

sweden s central bank may set the direction for other policy makers as it looks beyond conventional inflation targets to ...

leveraged-loan issuance in the u.s. more than doubled this year, as private-equity firms sought funds for buyouts and borrowers ...

state bank of india will extend its teaser home loan scheme beyond december 31 despite the reserve bank of india s concerns ...

country s largest lender state bank of india today announced concessional rates for dairy, poultry and horticulture sector, under ...

state-owned union bank of india today said it is planning to raise $200 million (about rs 900 crore) from the overseas market in ...

icici lombard general insurance company ltd has been given the mandate to provide weather-based crop insurance for the ongoing ...

swiss central bank president philipp hildebrand, who ended 15 months of intervening in foreign-exchange markets this year, may ...

issuances of certificates of deposit persisted on tuesday because most banks raised funds to shore up their deposits and ...

after experimenting with different permutations and combinations, banks have realised that it is the customer who will decide the ...

state bank of india deputy managing director pratip chaudhuri is likely to replace incumbent chairman o p bhatt when he retires ...

in a major fraud at the gurgaon branch of citibank india, the local police have discovered that a relationship manager for high ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has given an in-principle approval to the proposed insurance ventures ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, on tuesday raised rs 500 crore at 9.05 per cent through ...

2010 may go down as the year of the scams but it was also a significant year for sector regulators. several found their powers ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on tuesday issued final guidelines on over-the-counter foreign exchange derivatives and overseas ...

backed by the launch of its new brand identity, cholamandalam ms general insurance company limited (chola ms), a joint venture ...

the indian overseas bank (iob) will be converting its five-year-old representative office in china into its full scale branch, a ...

rbi s tight monetary policy brought about constant movement in the lending and deposit rates by banks during the year, a trend ...

of this, while the psu banks have disbursed rs 97.56 crore and the private banks rs 81.6 lakh, the education loan exposure of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday announced reduction in the statutory liquidity ratio (slr), the portion of deposits ...

the government was likely to notify the formation of the financial stability development council (fsdc) on friday, a finance ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) took a number of steps in 2010 to ensure that life insurance products ...

india inc raised nearly $1.13 billion in november this year through external commercial borrowings (ecbs), according to the ...

funding long-term assets like infrastructure and homes with resources (mostly deposits) having short tenures has landed banks in ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today clarified that a certificate from a single bank would suffice on the quality of assets of a ...

the wall street s biggest bond-trading firms say investors in us government debt will barely break even next year as yields climb ...

after the launch of its reverse mortgage scheme for senior citizens, the central bank of india (cbi) is now targeting cities like ...

for all the losses facing europeans this year, investors from the region who bought us stocks as the euro weakened are getting ...

russia has expanded the list of investment banks that will advise it on its planned $59 billion state asset sale programme over ...

banks will ask for an additional password from their credit card customers from the new year for any transactions conducted over ...

the government will retain its borrowing plan of rs 4.47 lakh crore this financial year, despite reducing the size of market ...

india is likely to get over $7 billion in private equity (pe) investments in 2010, as robust economic growth is making the ...

an order passed by chief information commissioner satyananda mishra makes it mandatory for the reserve bank of india (rbi) to ...

renewable-energy funds suffered record outflows this year, reversing their direction from 2009, as money managers including ...

goldman sachs group, weighing 2010 pay packages for a year that could rank as wall street s second best, said it may grant ...

driven by higher earnings due to increase in lending rates, commercial banks are expected to report 25 per cent year-on-year ...

the world bank today signed a credit agreement of $154 million (around rs 719 crore) for additional financing of the tamil nadu ...

national federation of urban co-operative banks credit societies ltd (nfucbcs) and gujarat urban co-operative banks ...

often criticised for offering less attractive interest rates than banks for most of the last five years, retirement fund manager ...

with the bribe-for-loan scandal still fresh in public memory, president pratibha patil on thursday asked bankers to uphold the ...

federal reserve chairman ben s bernanke said investor speculation over which money market mutual funds are likely to be bailed ...

finance minister brian lenihan secured approval from the dublin-based court today to inject 3.7 billion ($4.8 billion) ...

the rs 1,000 crore north cachar (nc) hills financial scam has heated up the political atmosphere in assam ahead of the upcoming ...

concerned over excessive flow of banking funds to the real estate sector, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said lenders will ...

state bank of bikaner and jaipur (sbbj), the largest associate bank of sbi, has approached the market regulator sebi for approval ...

banks have advised the reserve bank of india (rbi) against allowing industrial houses to enter banking space, even as industry ...

tamil nadu has registered a credit deposit (cd) ratio of 108.75 per cent, which is one of the highest in the country. total ...

non banking finance company (nbfc), dhadanpani finance, is diversifying into infrastructure lending. its debt restructuring ...

the three-member sub-committee formed to look into the details of investment made by the country s largest life insurer, ...

property developers are knocking on the doors of portfolio managers, private equity (pe) funds, non-banking finance companies ...

carlyle group and bain capital llc are among at least five companies that submitted bids for pai partners majority stake ...

the country s inflation rate is not coming down as fast as the central bank would like and upside risks remains, according ...

issuance of certificates of deposit (cd) rose on wednesday, as did the rates, because banks continued to issue these instruments ...

more than 500 representatives from 27 nations, including top regulators and central bankers, met dozens of times this year to ...

bloomberg news filed a lawsuit against the european central bank, seeking to make it disclose documents showing how greece used ...

the european central bank will lend banks euro 149.5 billion ($196.8 billion) for three months to meet their liquidity needs over ...

as part of its expansion plans in health insurance segment, bharti axa general insurance company ltd, a 74.26 joint venture ...

microfinance institutions (mfis) may finally have something to cheer about. the reserve bank of india (rbi) on wednesday said it ...

toronto-dominion bank agreed to buy chrysler financial corp from cerberus capital management lp for $6.3 billion in cash, adding ...

the hardening of interest rates would depend on inflation in the coming two to three months, chairman of prime minister s ...

the rates on short-term papers rose 5-10 basis points because banks issued certificates of deposit (cd) on tuesday to refinance ...

eyeing nri remittances from the gulf, dhanlaxmi bank on tuesday entered into a tie-up with doha bank, qatar s largest bank, ...

ask property investment advisors, part of the mumbai-based ask group, will raise rs 1,000 crore from high networth individuals ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has set the credit flow potential for karnataka at rs 41,085.23 ...

the rushikulya gramya bank (rgb), one of the five regional rural banks (rrb) in orissa, has initiated the process of adopting ...

bankers today expressed concern over falling credit deposit ratio, particularly in urban areas. moreover, the poor disbursement ...

the plan panel has asked the finance ministry to examine the possibility of setting up several infrastructure debt funds (idfs) ...

leading public sector bank bank of baroda (bob) today said that liquidity in the system is likely to soften in the next 15-20 ...

reflecting a big cash crunch in the system, banks made huge borrowings from the reserve bank of india (rbi) for the second ...

the federal reserve said it will limit its purchases to 70 per cent of any single treasury security as part of its plan to expand ...

the bank of england will start raising interest rates within six months to curb inflation, the confederation of british industry ...

mortgage firms are pressing the federal reserve to curb homeowners right to invalidate loans based on flawed documents ...

the cost of protecting state bank of india s (sbi s) debt from default fell for 11 straight days, the longest stretch ...

goldman sachs, the world s most profitable investment bank, is finally set to launch its indian mutual fund business in ...

the business risk profiles of cotton yarn spinners are likely to improve in the medium term, backed by robust cash flows ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee has annulled the appointment of consultant to advise on the revamp of ifci ltd, according to a ...

a majority of hospitals empanelled under the flagship rashtriya swasthya bima yojana (rsby), a cashless health insurance cover to ...

the us may come out ahead in 2011 as policy makers from federal reserve chairman ben s bernanke to chinese premier wen jiabao ...

the revelation that regulators received forged letters denouncing banks cartel-like control of derivatives ...

shares of sks microfinance, the only-listed microfinance company, declined 8.77 per cent on monday to rs 603.85 at the bombay ...

the central bank of india plans to open branches in some asian and african countries as it begins its centenary celebrations ...

the interest rates in the overnight inter-bank market may open on a steady note due to reserve bank of india s steps to ...

the extra yield treasury investors demand to hold 10-year notes over 2-year securities touched the widest since february on ...

union bank of india raised its benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) by 50 basis points (bps) to 13.25 per cent today. indian ...

the role of banks to nurture the micro, small and medium enterprises (msme) sector by going beyond just providing finance was ...

public sector lender union bank of india today increased its benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) by 0.50 per cent to 13.25 per ...

the asian development bank (adb) will soon be opening its first project management unit (pmu) in shimla and the project ...

bank of baroda (bob) is tapping potential in large industries in madhya pradesh, particularly in the power sector. the bank is ...

in order to popularise joint liability groups (jlg) in haryana, which primarily consist of tenant farmers and small-scale farmers ...

the oriental bank of commerce (obc) has achieved 10 to 11 per cent growth in the current financial year, in deposit and advances, ...

with an improvement in business environment and economic growth, loans referred to the corporate debt restructuring (cdr) forum ...

calling out for bridling of micro credit industry in india, nobel laureate and founder of bangladesh s grameen bank muhammad ...

private equity (pe) investors are alarmed by the andhra pradesh government s move to bar micro finance institutions (mfis) ...

devotees may seek solace inside their holy precincts, but cash-rich and gold-laden temples across india are seeking somewhat less ...

visa inc and mastercard inc may face permanent damage to the fastest-growing part of their business after the us federal reserve ...

even as the government and the reserve bank of india (rbi) are actively working on developing a corporate bond market, former rbi ...

rates on short-term money market instruments fell by 10-15 basis points on thursday after the reserve bank of india cut the ...

the bonds rose, driving yields to the lowest level in six weeks, as the central bank said it would repurchase rs 48,000 crore ...

basel bank regulators said rules on capital requirements would have forced financial institutions to raise euro 602 billion ($797 ...

goldman sachs group s top executives will get about $111.3 million in stock next month in a delayed payout from last year ...

infrastructure development finance company limited (idfc) has invested rs 150 crore in tril infopark, a company floated by tata ...

morgan stanley plans to increase the number of private bankers in india by 30 per cent next year, according to himanshu bhagat, ...

banks profitability is expected to grow in the coming quarters due to benign operating environment, but high inflation and ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor subir gokarn on thursday said the central bank recognised the need to take the burden ...

morgan sze, global head of goldman sachs group inc s principal strategies proprietary trading desk, plans to start a global ...

anand rathi financial services has completed the first round of fund-raising for the realty fund it has set up with knight frank ...

banks would have required an additional $602 billion in capital at the end of 2009 to meet new basel iii rules aimed at boosting ...

the bankex is trading higher by 2% and realty is up 1% compared with the sub-1% rise in the benchmark sensex. however, the auto ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has decided to reduced the statutory liquidity ratio (slr) of scheduled commercial ...

the indian rupee fell by 16 paise to rs 45.56 against the us dollar in early trade at the interbank foreign exchange today, ...

during an interactive session with the senior officials of the state government and bankers in the state capital on tuesday, ...

dbs group holdings, southeast asia s biggest bank, said it will take over royal bank of scotland group s retail and ...

federal reserve policy makers indicated that signs of economic strength won t deter them from pumping money into the ...

sweden s central bank raised its benchmark repo rate for a fourth time since july and repeated a forecast for more ...

spain s credit rating may be cut from aa1, moody s investors service said, as the government prepares its final bond ...

state-owned bank of baroda (bob) on thursday said it had entered into joint venture agreement with bbva (banco bilbao vizcaya ...

axis bank today said it had signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with idea cellular, whereby idea will act as a business ...

issuances of certificates of deposit fell today because investors preferred to remain on sidelines, as most were eyeing the ...

moscow s micex exchange started trading the yuan against the ruble for the first time on wednesday, as russia and china ...

launching the ing market shield, its new unit-linked insurance plan (ulip) here, rahul agarwal, chief distribution officer of ing ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will probably resume asia s fastest round of interest-rate increases next month, after ...

you might have expected reserve bank of india governor d. subbarao to ponder over the country s economic problems and banks fund ...

hectic selling in financial and realty stocks ahead of the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) monetary policy review halted ...

the bill replaces the andhra pradesh micro finance institutions (regulation of money lending) ordinance that the government ...

rajkot-based atul auto ltd and punjab national bank (pnb) today signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) to provide auto ...

the central board of reserve bank of india (rbi) has opposed a government move to have control over the central bank s ...

the government may buy more bonds from the market to ease the worst cash crunch in 10 years, according to companies obliged to ...

according to the annual report released by the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda), the expense increase was ...

issuances of certificates of deposit (cds) rose on tuesday as banks were keen on raising funds with the liquidity remaining tight ...

life insurance companies suffered a cumulative loss of rs 20,143 crore in 2009-10, according to the insurance regulatory and ...

after one-and-a-half decade of rivalry and public sparring, the catholic church in kerala said it was giving up efforts to wrest ...

ahead of the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) monetary policy this week, the prime minister s economic panel on ...

allahabad bank is planning to expand its international operations by setting up new offices at china, hong kong and bangladesh. ...

allied irish banks plc, which is being bailed out by the government, decided not to pay bonuses to certain employees following a ...

us federal reserve chairman ben s bernanke may find his options for reducing unemployment near a 26-year high are constrained ...

the european central bank is considering asking euro-region members for a capital increase to protect itself from any losses ...

private life insurer ing life india today launched ing market shield, a new unit linked insurance plan (ulip), in the uttar ...

european central bank president jean-claude trichet said european governments should consider extending and broadening the ...

bangalore-headquartered private life insurer ing vysya life insurance is hopeful of achieving a premium collection target of rs ...

the rupee strengthened to its highest level in nearly a week on tuesday boosted by gains in other asian currencies, but choppy ...

the murugappa group has announced a re-branding of its financial services business, aiming to strengthen its position in the ...

i own a farmhouse in lonavala. i have a caretaker who looks after the house. we only have basic furniture and utensils there, and ...

more than 70 per cent of americans say big bonuses should be banned this year at wall street firms that took taxpayer bailouts, a ...

wall street s biggest banks, rebounding after a government bailout, are set to complete their best two years in investment ...

following in the footsteps of the securities and exchange board of india, the insurance regulatory and development authority ...

the us bond market is giving dollar bulls more reason to be optimistic after driving the greenback higher against the other 16 ...

indiapay, the country s first indigenous payment gateway, is set to take on the global big boys mastercard and visa ...

china is likely to set a target of at least 7 trillion yuan ($1.1 trillion) of new loans for 2011 after leaders met to decide key ...

public sector banking major bank of baroda (bob) today said that it will increase its benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) by 75 ...

state bank of india s complaint redressal service sms unhappy received 24,000 complaints from the ...

legislative affairs minister d sridhar babu on saturday introduced the andhra pradesh micro finance institutions (regulation of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked banks to extend services to villages with a population of over 2,000 persons by march ...

the liquidity crunch faced by banks is expected to continue, as companies get ready to pay the third tranche of advance corporate ...

legislative affairs minister d sridhar babu today introduced the andhra pradesh microfinance institutions (regulation of money ...

the us federal reserve s plan to boost purchases of bonds poses considerable risks by increasing capital ...

london bankers and other financial- services employees will spend about 1 billion pounds ($1.6 billion) of their 2010 bonus money ...

china ordered lenders to park more money with the central bank for the third time in five weeks to counter the threat from ...

uttarakhand chief minister ramesh pokhriyal nishank today assured union bank of india of shortly providing the land needed to set ...

deposits with a maturity of one-year and above up to and inclusive of 699-days will now carry a rate of 8 per cent as against the ...

exim bank, the leading export finance institution to promote exports, would actively provide finance for r d activity by ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has told banks not to charge more than rs 5 for any cash deposit made at a non-home branch (other ...

the chairman of the prime minister s economic advisory council, c rangarajan, has asked microfinance institutions (mfis) to ...

indiareit fund advisors, a real estate venture capital fund backed by 3i group, plans to raise about $622 million in three new ...

the reserve bank of india s permission to banks for roping in for-profit companies as business correspondents (bcs) for ...

the uk government will tax banks balance sheets at a higher rate than first proposed, raising almost 9 billion pounds ($14 ...

the punjab sind bank (psb) plans to consolidate its presence in northern india by adding a branch network. according to h s ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said that public opinion on granting new bank licences was divided. rbi would study the ...

reeling under huge debts, the west bengal government has sought relaxation in its borrowing programme from the reserve bank of ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao on thursday said while the central bank was deeply conscious of the continuing ...

the main object of the bank s public issue is to augment its capital base to meet its capital adequacy norms for future capital ...

the india rupee moved up marginally by 1 paise to rs 45.07 against dollar in the early trade today at the interbank foreign ...

after almost doubling its loan book in just two-and-a half years, punjab sind bank (p sb) is shifting to a lower gear ...

government-owned punjab sind bank is entering the capital market with an initial public offer (ipo) of 40 million shares in ...

karam butalia, a former standard chartered foreperson, is floating a $500 million private equity fund kv asia capital, ...

kotak mahindra group s asset reconstruction business arm, phoenix arc, is set to raise a global fund of rs 300 crore from ...

the andhra pradesh government will introduce the microfinance bill on december 10, a senior bureaucrat said. the bill seeks to ...

short-term rates seem to be shooting through the roof. acute shortage of liquidity made banks raise three-month funds via ...

aided by government health schemes and correction in rates, insurance for health and personal accidents recorded highest growth ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on wednesday said while it was not contemplating a cap on interest rates charged by microfinance ...

reserve bank of india governor d subbarao today said the central bank was unsure about the impact if savings rates were ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor duvvuri subbarao on wednesday said inflation was still above the central bank s ...

faced with tight liquidity condition, banks have started offering high interest rate of 9.5 per cent on certificate of deposit ...

public lender state bank of bikaner jaipur today said it has hiked deposit rates by up to 105 basis points on select ...

in a major relief to the housing finance sector, the competition commission of india has ruled that the system of imposing ...

the government will conduct an interview on december 16 to find a successor to current state bank of india (sbi) chairman o p ...

state-run punjab national bank (pnb) today increased its retail deposit rates by 50-100 basis points. with this, the bank s ...

toronto-dominion bank may reach an agreement as soon as this week to acquire chrysler financial corp, the auto-loan company owned ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on tuesday said that appointing non-banking financial institutions (nbfcs) as business ...

dismissing reports that the microfinance sector was on the verge of collapse, reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor subir ...

buyout speculation that sent credit derivatives on companies from cardinal health inc to dell inc soaring two months ago is ...

investors continued to purchase three-month certificates of deposit (cd) today due to the better rates these papers offered ...

the rupee rose 30 paise on tuesday against the dollar to close at 44.65, its highest gain in three weeks.the rise was partially ...

more than 200 billion yuan of cash is expected to return to the financial system this month from maturing bills and repurchase ...

concerned over large-scale frauds, the central vigilance commission (cvc) has directed all chief vigilance officers (cvo) of ...

the treasury said it disposed of 2.4 billion shares at $4.35 each, compared with yesterday s closing price of $4.45 on the ...

urban cooperative banks (ucbs) in india see doubling of business from rs 1.8 lakh crore to rs 3.6 lakh crore in next five years, ...

carrying forward its gains for the sixth straight session today, indian rupee today climbed by 10 paise to rs 44.84 against the ...

we will be coming out with a traditional child plan and a ulip in january 2011. we would like to reach out to more and more ...

barclays capital jumped 24 places, the biggest climb by any bank in 2010, to become the no 4 bond underwriter in india, after it ...

federal reserve chairman ben s bernanke said the economy is barely expanding at a sustainable pace and that it s possible ...

public sector bank of baroda (bob) plans to open 900 new branches across the country by the end of fiscal 2011-12 and will come ...

rating agency fitch has downgraded ing vysya bank to aa- from aa . however, the outlook on long-term ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, is planning to reorganise its entire mid-corporate group (mcg), ...

rates on short-term money market instruments rose by 5-10 basis points today because of the continued tight liquidity in the ...

headland capital partners, formerly hsbc private equity (asia) ltd, is betting big on india and plans to launch a dedicated ...

the g n bajpai committee, appointed to look into the problems stifling the growth of the national pension scheme (nps) and to ...

not happy with the poor response to the new pension system (nps), sector regulator pension fund regulatory and development ...

the indian rupee today opened 15 paise up at rs 44.95 a dollar at the interbank foreign exchange market, tracking gains in most ...

the insurance regulatory development authority s (irda s) much-awaited health insurance guidelines are expected ...

concerned about the fast pace of regulatory changes being brought into the sector, the life insurance industry has approached ...

ing vysya life insurance today said it would come up with two new unit-linked plans, a majority of whose corpus will be invested ...

rating agency fitch has downgraded the rating of ing vysya bank to aa- from aa . the outlook on its ...

the government has begun the process for selecting chiefs of at least eight public sector banks, including the country s biggest ...

a day after the reserve bank of india (rbi) said indian banks should lower lower net interest margins by increasing efficiency, ...

the present tight liquidity condition is likely to ease soon, as a large portion of government spending happens in the last ...

in what may come as a major relief to banks, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it was working on the modalities to ease ...

siemens financial services (sfs), the international financial services arm of german technology major siemens ag, will soon begin ...

us federal reserve chairman ben s bernanke defended the fed s decision to purchase $600 billion in treasury securities and ...

the icici move comes a day after rbi governor d subbarao asked banks to hike deposit rates and lower lending rates, with a view ...

china will shift to a prudent monetary policy next year as the government seeks to rein in liquidity, combat ...

financial services firm religare enterprises today said its arm had acquired 55 per cent stake in us-based assets manager ...

manipal-headquartered public sector lender syndicate bank has formed a trust jointly with another public sector bank, vijaya bank ...

india must review the multiplicity of laws governing banks across different segments, reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d ...

it is a stressful time for liquidity managers of commercial banks. short-term rates are rising amid tight liquidity. more ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on friday urged banks to reduce intermediation costs to increase efficiency, helping them cut ...

the country s foreign exchange reserves fell by over $4 billion to $293.98 billion on the back of a heavy fall in foreign ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said that even though it prefers the subsidiary route for foreign banks doing business in ...

reserve bank governor d subbarao today pitched for streamlining banking regulations, saying some were confusing even ...

keeping up with other lenders, state-owned syndicate bank today announced raising of interest rate on term deposit above ...

iceland is betting its decision two years ago to force bondholders to pay for the banking system s collapse may help it ...

spain tested investor sentiment with the first debt sale since its 10-year bond yield rose to the highest in a decade following ...

the federal reserve withheld details on individual securities pledged as collateral by recipients of $885 billion in central bank ...

federal reserve data showing ubs and barclays ranked among the top users of $3.3 trillion from emergency programmes is stoking ...

a black leather couch in jayanti bajpai s 17th-floor hong kong office bears witness to bank of america s turn of ...

two months before the microfinance sector crisis in october, an internal committee of the reserve bank of india (rbi) had warned ...

to avert an adverse fallout of the banks growing links with the mutual fund industry, the reserve bank of india (rbi) may ...

baring private equity partners (bpep), the global pe major, will begin investing in indian real estate in the next six months, ...

rates on short-term money market instruments rose 10-15 basis points (bps) today because mutual funds, the major investors in ...

two months after the crisis in the microfinance industry broke out, resulting in the possibility of bank loans to the sector ...

the government s move to increase its stake in 10 public sector banks (psbs) to 58 per cent by infusing rs 6,000 crore will help ...

kotak mahindra asset management company today announced that it has revised the investment objective of its flagship fund - kotak ...

the indian rupee appreciated by 14 paise to trade at rs 45.24 a dollar at the interbank foreign exchange market in the morning ...

indian bank would set up 15 exclusive branches to take care of its jewel loan business, and has set a business target of rs 500 ...

issuances of certificates of deposit fell today because mutual funds preferred to remain on the sidelines due to the tight ...

ravi hansoty, the former asia-pacific head at citi property investors, plans to raise as much as $350 million by the end of next ...

mangalore headquartered public sector bank, corporation bank has today appointed ashwani kumar as the new executive director of ...

visakhapatnam cooperative bank registered a total business of rs 1,500 crore as of november 22. of this, deposits constituted rs ...

retail customers of banks, who have to pay exorbitant charges and penalties for basic services and pre-payment of loans, are in ...

profit margins at us banks may get a boost from increasing deposits as customers show a preference for immediate access to their ...

hdfc and icici bank, aggressive players in the home loan segment, have withdrawn their special home loan schemes which combined ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor subir gokarn on wednesday said food inflation was beginning to look structural and ...

the banks operating in the state- psu as well as private sector banks- continue to struggle with recovery of loans with the ...

in the previous fortnight (november 05, 2010), deposits shrunk by rs 65,027 crore as money flowed into public issues of coal ...

emphasising that its monetary policy stance was still focused on checking inflation, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said ...

state-owned uco bank has dropped its plan of raising capital through a follow-on public offer (fpo) in this fiscal, saying it s ...

the country s largest private lender icici bank today said it has discontinued the teaser rate schemes which entail cheaper home ...

deutsche postbank ag, the german lender being acquired by deutsche bank ag, is close to selling its indian operations for about ...

indian bank plans to raise around rs 1,600 crore through a follow-on public offer (fpo), expected by mid-2011. the proposed ...

investors preferred short-term papers on tuesday as the rates offered on three-month cds were more attractive compared with a ...

india s biggest life insurer and financial institution has turned to its turnaround man to restore ...

state bank of india (sbi) is considering setting up a separate company for its private banking initiative, as part of a plan to ...

spain s banks may struggle to refinance about 85 billion ($111 billion) in debt next year as costs surge on concern ...

pnb housing finance today said it will introduce some steps to check quality of housing loans, but asserted that they will not ...

mumbai-based dewan housing finance is looking to acquire deutsche postbank home finance and the deal is expected to conclude ...

in the backdrop of questions on functioning of microfinance institutions (mfis), chief economic advisor to the government of ...

for the first time since the 1990s the us 30-year treasury bond is becoming the benchmark for the world s biggest debt ...

in an effort to distance itself from the controversy surrounding microfinance institutions (mfis), the finance industry ...

trading in credit-default swaps, wall street s fastest-growing business before the credit crisis, has tumbled 40 to 60 per ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday cautioned that certain unauthorised individuals companies were collecting public ...

investors purchased three-month certificates of deposit (cd) on monday because the papers were more attractive following the ...

private sector dhanlaxmi bank, today said that it has hiked its domestic term deposit rates by 0.5-1 per cent, across select ...

standard chartered plans to hire about 1,800 people for its global trading and underwriting operations over the next three years ...

the banking sector used up most of its deposit-side levers to push net interest margins (nims) to all-time highs in the september ...

global banking regulators will seek agreements on liquidity and the quality of capital to fill gaps in an overhaul of rules ...

lic housing finance s immediate target is to ensure steady growth of its business, and review its accounts in the wake of ...

state-owned corporation bank is looking to complete the sale of a basket of non-performing loans totalling rs 40 0crore by ...

at a time life insurance corporation (lic) is under the scanner due to the alleged bribe-for-loan scam at its housing finance ...

money matters financial services will set up a panel to manage day-to-day operations, following the arrest of its chairman and ...

even as corporation bank has decided to be the first one to withdraw teaser loan schemes, others led by the state bank of india ...

at a time when micro finance institutions (mfis) have drawn flak due to steep interest rates charged by them, reserve bank of ...

last wednesday, ramchandran r nair, chief executive officer of lic housing finance (lichf), was taken away by sleuths of the ...

the new premiums of country s largest insurer life insurance corporation (lic) has breached the rs 50,000-crore mark during ...

union finance minister pranab mukharjee today assured the investors of life insurance corporation of india that they would not ...

taking banking services to customers homes, public sector lender central bank of india today launched a service through which a ...

stung by the real estate bribes-for-loans scam, banks and housing finance companies will henceforth seek additional security and ...

enlarging the scope of its investigation, the finance ministry has asked some non-bank finance companies (nbfcs) for ...

thrissur-headquartered dhanlaxmi bank has set a business target of rs 23,000 crore for march 2011, to be based on deposits ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) would target smaller microfinance institutions (mfis) and put a ...

the country s top bankers have assured the reserve bank of india (rbi) that they do not see any systemic problem arising ...

the government today said that the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) would soon come up with draft ...

the kerala-based dhanlaxmi bank proposes to open 125 more branches across the country and recruit 2,000 staff by 2011-12, a top ...

state bank of india (sbi) chairman o p bhatt today said banks will not stop lending to the real estate and the housing segments ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee today asked banks and financial institutions, which have exposure to companies involved in the ...

the government today said it has not directed public sector banks to cut exposure in real estate following the housing-finance ...

the country s largest insurer life insurance corporation (lic) today said the organisation is very strong and the ...

demand and prices of property are unlikely to decline as a result of the housing finance scam racket unearthed by cbi earlier ...

hindustan construction company (hcc) today said its subsidiary lavasa has nothing to do with lic housing finance -- which is ...

even as more details emerge out of the multi-crore housing-finance scam, market regulator sebi today said it would continue to ...

the number of foreclosed homes for sale in spain may triple next year as new accounting rules prompt lenders to dump their ...

deposit rates have increased over 100 basis points in the last ten days as banks are getting aggressive to mobilise resources to ...

money matters financial services, whose managing director and two top executives were arrested by the central bureau of ...

public sector lender bank of india plans to investigate the bribery scandal in depth and find if more officials could be ...

a day after the central bureau of investigation (cbi) conducted nationwide raids and arrested officials in financial sector ...

the government is unlikely to make changes to its market borrowing programme despite the tight liquidity in the banking system, a ...

the bribery scandal could be a turning point for lic housing finance (lichf), which has the solid backing from the life insurance ...

compounding its woes, sks microfinance has come under the insurance regulatory and development authority s (irda s) ...

china s benchmark money-market rate climbed to the highest level in more than a month as the central bank said it will ...

the european central bank may have to delay its exit from emergency measures again as ireland s bailout fails to stem the ...

sks microfinance, the only listed microfinance institution in the country, expects its collections in andhra pradesh to improve ...

european central bank council member axel weber said governments can increase the size of the european union-led bailout fund if ...

the unique identification authority of india (uidai) is looking at the possibility of partnering public sector banks to co-design ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has imposed a fine of rs 5 lakh on tata aig life insurance for ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao today said the loan disbursement mechanism should always be ...

the life insurance corp of india (lic) has appointed v k sharma as the new chief executive officer (ceo) of lic housing finance ...

in the wake of housing finance racket coming to light borrowing could become dearer and banks would turn extra cautious while ...

the country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today said the housing finance racket, involving ceo of lic housing ...

lic today said it will consider an internal enquiry at the company regarding arrest of its senior officers in connection with a ...

punjab sind bank, which is going for initial public offer (ipo) in the first half of next month, has said that it is aiming ...

long-term finance to farmers through cooperative and regional rural banks (rrb) has turned costly with the national bank for ...

the biggest wall street banks are pushing the us treasury department to exclude foreign exchange derivatives from new ...

rates on short-term money market instruments rose by 5 basis points (bps) on wednesday due to the continued tight liquidity in ...

in an effort to raise affordable resources, idbi bank will step up recourse to refinance facility provided by financial ...

yes bank and shinsei bank of japan on wednesday signed an agreement to advise companies on cross-border deals between the two ...

private insurer tata aig general insurance company on wednesday brought out a new offering for insuring high-value cars for high ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will begin examining the modus operandi of the alleged bribes-for-loans allegations made by the ...

state bank of travancore (sbt) has entered into a memorandum of understanding with the unique identification authority of india ...

the central bureau of investigation (cbi) today arrested eight people, including senior executives of banks and housing finance ...

hours after the central bureau of investigation (cbi) arrested its ceo in connection with an alleged housing finance racket, lic ...

the central bureau of investigaiton (cbi) today arrested ceo of lic housing finance ramachandran nair and seven others including ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority of india (irda) today slapped rs 5 lakh penalty on tata aig life insurance co, ...

the government plans to introduce the microfinance (development regulation) bill, 2010, after a reserve bank of india ...

after unit-linked insurance plans, the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has introduced stringent guidelines ...

public sector indian bank, which has almost two-thirds of its branch network based in southern india, primarily tamil nadu and ...

state bank of india has raised 750 million euros through global capital markets to fund euro-denominated assets. this was the ...

the government today said the financial stability and development council (fsdc) would be set up next month to sort out ...

non-banking finance company il fs financial services (ifin) plans to fund rs 70,000-crore aggregate of projects this ...

rates on three-month papers increased 5-10 basis points today due to huge supply in such tenure and also because liquidity ...

economic growth, stock market firmness propel drive to retain pe executives. salaries of executives in indian private equity ...

peeved at registration of a police case against its loan recovery official, punjab state cooperative agricultural development ...

rupee depreciated by 16 paise to trade at rs 45.56 against the us dollar in the early trade today at the interbank foreign ...

at a time when the central bank is going through a strained relationship with the government over its independence and autonomy, ...

union bank of india would provide rs 50 crore for 100 mandal mahila samakhyas in andhra pradesh. the move is aimed at meeting the ...

a dispute between the us and international accounting groups about how to value financial instruments is threatening to derail ...

the world bank is planning to provide an additional loan of $154 million (around rs 708.4 crore) to tamil nadu s ...

citigroup inc will move its co-ceo for the asia-pacific region, shirish apte, to singapore from hong kong to oversee operations ...

a quarter of microfinance institutions (mfis) may fail after a clampdown last month in their biggest market pared debt payments ...

the initial public offer (ipo) of state-owned punjab sind bank (psb) will hit the market early next month. it will be an ...

indian bank has received the central bank of sri lanka s nod to open its branch at jaffna in sri lanka, according to its chairman ...

spandana sphoorty financial, the second-largest microfinance company, will indefinitely postpone an initial public offer (ipo) ...

rates on short-term money market instruments rose by 5-10 basis points on monday as mutual funds remained on the sidelines due to ...

net borrowing by banks from the reserve bank of india (rbi) rose to a record rs 127,870 crore on monday. bank borrowing has been ...

axis bank launched its rural banking strategy initiative on monday in gujarat. the bank launched the new initiative in gujarat ...

in 1969, then prime minister indira gandhi nationalised a slew of banks. the same year at a school in dharwad g d nadaf was ...

sundaram bnp paribas fund services has forayed into the registrar and transfer agency operations. the company said that it will ...

not all life insurers offer health insurance plans. health plans by life insurance companies are long-tenure products ...

six months after a slow and fractious negotiation process ended in a european union and international monetary fund bailout of a ...

state-owned union bank of india (ubi) made its maiden foray into the micro-credit arena today with the launch of a new scheme ...

as the uncertainty following the comptroller and auditor general s (cag) report on telecom companies continues, bankers who ...

mangalore-headquartered private sector lender karnataka bank has launched initiatives to boost current account, savings account ...

country s largest private lender icici bank has said that its credit would grow at a hefty 18 per cent this fiscal, contrary to a ...

us treasury secretary timothy f geithner said the obama administration would oppose any effort to strip the federal reserve of ...

bankrupt lehman brothers holdings inc reached a settlement in a derivatives dispute with billions of dollars at stake that ...

rising incomes and the growing acceptance of automatic teller machines (atms) has begun to show in the size of cash withdrawals. ...

close on the heels of the recent controversy surrounding over the microfinance institutions, karnataka government has decided to ...

the andhra pradesh micro finance institutions (regulation of money lending) ordinance 2010 does not seek to deal with, even ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) brought down the cumulative notional loss in three of its pension plans ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) will soon issue guidelines for listing of insurance companies and ...

federal reserve chairman ben s bernanke took his defence of the us central bank s monetary stimulus abroad, saying it will ...

china ordered banks to set aside larger reserves for the fifth time this year, draining cash from the financial system to limit ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic), which has been in the eye of a storm over the past few days, received solid backing ...

the 18 graduating students of the institute of insurance and risk management (iirm) on friday had a lesson that was probably as ...

with microfinance institutions (mfis) suffering loss of business particularly in andhra pradesh, the centre today said it does ...

the country s foreign exchange reserves slid by $1.9-billion to $298.31-billion on the back of a heavy decline in foreign ...

with a view to keep a strict vigil on the activities of the micro finance institutions (mfis) operating in the state, it has been ...

a relaxed environment, loud-yet-scintillating music and a befriending young staff serving youngsters...sounds like a hip-hop ...

the state bank of india (sbi) has an exposure of rs 300 crore to the troubled mfi sector in andhra pradesh and the lender feels ...

issuances of short-term money market instruments increased on thursday, and a big chunk of these were in the three-month tenure ...

the risk of default by the state bank of india (sbi) is falling more than similar bric nation benchmarks as the company, a proxy ...

public sector lender bank of maharashtra is hopeful of achieving a 25 per cent credit growth along with higher profitability ...

the state finance minister prafulla chandra ghadai has hit out at the private sector banks operating in the state for their ...

banks have agreed to normalise lending to microfinance institutions (mfis), but have asked them to be extremely cautious to ...

fidelity mutual fund today announced the launch of fidelity short term income fund, an open-ended income scheme that aims to ...

two-and-a-half months ago, when vallabh bhanshali s friend, anil singhvi, approached shikha sharma to try and work out a ...

forecasters have revised their projections for gdp growth in the current financial year to 8.5 per cent from the earlier estimate ...

the public sector canara bank would launch 105 branches and atms each, across the country on november 19, its founder s ...

the city union bank ltd is looking to raise rs300 crore through rights issue or by way of qualified institutional placement ...

a memorandum of understanding (mou) has been signed between singapore-based business space provider ascendas and a japanese ...

european union and international monetary fund experts will start scanning the books of ireland s debt-laden banks tomorrow ...

axis bank, india s fourth-largest bank in terms of market capitalisation, has acquired the investment banking and equity ...

the public sector canara bank would launch 105 branches and atms each, across the country on november 19, its founder s day, to ...

as if current woes were not enough for microfinance institutions (mfis), it might get tougher for them to get the highest rating ...

amid a clampdown on lending practices, microfinance institutions (mfis) were seeking emergency funding from banks as defaults ...

within days of india reporting a 16-month low industrial growth of 4.4 per cent for september, a top government economic advisor ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has said credit-deposit (cd) ratio was a byproduct of the economic and business activity in the ...

liquidity shortage, which has been above rs 1 lakh crore for more than a week, fell marginally on tuesday, as banks borrowed rs ...

bharti axa general insurance limited, a joint venture between the bharti group and axa, is set to launch six more retail products ...

the biggest risk to india s growth story is deterioration in its external balances, with the current account deficit likely ...

chinese central bank governor zhou xiaochuan said china is under pressure from capital inflows as a state newspaper ...

axis bank has proposed three possible solutions for axis private equity, the arm it founded and now wishes to exit from, to the ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has imposed a fine of rs 10 lakh on anil ambani group company reliance ...

fitch ratings india today ruled out rating any securitised papers from troubled microfinance institutions (mfi), saying the ...

entering into a strategic alliance with visa, the world s largest retail payment network, the kerala-based private south indian ...

icici bank, the country s largest private sector bank, today said there was pressure on interest rates following rbi intervention ...

canara hsbc oriental bank of commerce life insurance company limited, a joint venture between canara bank, oriental bank of ...

public sector banks in india had combined gross non-performing assets (npas) of rs 57,301 crore during 2009-10, up 30 per cent ...

kerala cabinet today decided to set up a consortium of banks led by the state bank of travancore to mobilise funds for the ...

private lender city union bank plans to raise about rs 2,000 crore from the capital market by 2015, either through the qip route ...

andhra bank, south indian bank and yes bank have won the top award as the best banks in the categories of public ...

issuances of certificates of deposit were low on monday because fund houses preferred to remain on the sidelines due to limited ...

city union bank ltd today said that it would look at raising rs 300 crore through rights issue or by way of qualified ...

hsbc has hired vikram tandon as its head of human resources in india. previously, tondon was with the american international ...

citigroup inc chief executive officer vikram pandit, who for the past two years has championed the us bank s ...

the controversy surrounding microfinance institutions (mfis) has placed hurdles in raising capital for private equity (pe) and ...

swiss reinsurance, the world s second-largest reinsurer, said it was looking for a local partner in india as it considered ...

city union bank has reported a net profit of rs 61.58 crore for the quarter ended september, as against rs 45.75 crore during the ...

loan growth and tight liquidity could lead to higher interest rates in the coming days, state bank of india (sbi)chairman o p ...

tight liquidity conditions combined with loan growth could push interest rates skyward in the coming days, state bank of india ...

after life insurance products, the sector s regulator is now turning its attention to unit-linked insurance products ...

the liquidity tightness is expected to remain under pressure due to a large sum of money getting blocked in the public offer of ...

punjab national bank (pnb) chairman and managing director k r kamath has said consolidation in the indian banking sector will ...

domestic banks will have to scale up their asset size five times over the next five years, if they want to cope with demand for ...

pinched by bank funding drying up, leading microfinance firm basix has cut its advances to a third in the past month and is now ...

public sector lenders are not afraid of further opening of the banking sector, chairman and managing director of the country s ...

emphasising on the need to treat customers fairly, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said the average time of six months ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, today said all issues with the reserve bank of india (rbi) regarding the ...

india s foreign exchange reserves rose $2.25 billion in the week ended november 5 to $300.21 billion on foreign portfolio ...

the rupee weakened by 26 paise to rs 44.57 against the us dollar in the early trade at the interbank foreign exchange today as ...

plans by icici bank and axis bank to set up non-banking finance companies (nbfc) with the status of an infrastructure finance ...

private equity (pe) and venture capital (vc) investments in the country s real estate sector rose 56 per cent between january and ...

the insurance regulatory development authority (irda) is planning to introduce two additional options on pension products, ...

public sector bank, central bank of india signed recently an mou with american india foundation (aif) to provide livelihood ...

union bank of india on thursday said it was expecting the government s stake to rise to 60 per cent after a capital ...

national housing bank (nhb), the regulator for housing finance companies (hfcs), is planning to follow the central bank s ...

the state bank of india s (sbi s) plans for raising fresh capital inched further ahead with the government today ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, today defended its fixed-cum-floating rate home loan product ...

country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today said teaser rate home loans are the best product and the most ...

concerned over decline in profitability of the banking sector, finance minister pranab mukherjee today asked the lenders to ...

union bank of india today said it expects the government to hike its stake in the public sector company to up to 60 per cent in ...

the royal bank of scotland (rbs) today announced the appointment of prateek pant as head of wealth solutions at its private ...

two of the country s biggest lenders today called for larger banks with scale and capital to meet the growing needs of the ...

union bank plans to raise $175 million to $200 million in the next one month through medium-term notes and has sought rs 1,500 ...

the government today said it will take a call within a fortnight on whether sbi should be allowed to go for the rights issue, ...

shriram transport finance, an indian truck financier backed by fidelity investments, will apply for a banking license as the ...

it majors, including wipro and ibm, are keen to join hands with indian overseas bank (iob), which plans to float a subsidiary to ...

punjab sind bank, the only unlisted state-owned lender, has got market regulator securities and exchange board of ...

china posted a larger-than-forecast $27.1 billion october trade surplus, a day before group of 20 leaders including presidents ...

remittances to developing countries are expected to reach $325 billion this year, up from $307 bn in 2009. the top recipient ...

nims for the sector declined to 2.5 per cent for 2009-10, from 2.9 per cent in 2008-09. net profits declined in the past two ...

state-owned power finance corporation (pfc) is planning to float two subsidiaries, one for undertaking consortium lending and the ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned rs 111.24 crore as loan assistance to karnataka ...

public sector lender indian overseas bank (iob) today said that it has proposed to float a subsidiary for providing it solutions ...

private sector insurer kotak life insurance has four unit linked products (ulips) in the pipeline and is expecting to collect up ...

we have headroom for rs 2,600 crore and we are planning to raise around rs 1,400 crore during the second half of the year. ...

state bank of india reported a 22.5 per cent drop in consolidated net profit for the september quarter to rs 2,363.95 crore on ...

standard chartered private bank is expecting to manage more than $ 2 billion in india by december this year, indicating a rise in ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) on tuesday sanctioned rs 58 crore across the state under the ...

amitabha guha has joined south indian bank (sib) as non-executive chairman in the place ofga shenai, who retired recently. guha ...

the us overseas private investment corporation (opic) will provide $100 million in financing for the $300-million south asia ...

former reserve bank of india governor yv reddy said that a lot more work needed to be done to strengthen the financial sector ...

china will force banks to hold more foreign exchange and strengthen auditing of overseas fund raising, stepping up efforts to ...

sks microfinance, the largest and the only listed microfinance institution (mfi) in the country, on tuesday said it was planning ...

two non-life insurance companies have approached the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) with proposals for ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on tuesday reintroduced measures to ease liquidity, as borrowing by banks exceeded rs 1 lakh ...

hdfc chairman deepak parekh on tuesday said all lenders should withdraw teaser loan schemes or else the one who withdraws will ...

indian banks are selling the most dollar-denominated debt in at least a decade, taking advantage of near-zero us benchmark rates ...

anil ambani group-controlled reliance general insurance today announced appointment of vijay pawar as the new chief executive ...

the insurance regulatory authority of india (irda) will formulate guidelines for mergers and acquisitions (m a) for non-life ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has asked insurers to restrict outsourcing of core activities like ...

enthused by an overwhelming response to its debut paper for retail investors, state bank of india (sbi) plans to come out with ...

the private banking division of standard chartered bank is eyeing $2 billion as assets under management (aum) by the end of 2010, ...

public sector lender bank of maharashtra (bom) today said that it is eyeing rs 20,000 crore increase in its total business to rs ...

private lender kotak mahindra bank today said that it has revised its base rate upwards by 25 basis points (bps) to 7.75 per cent ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor usha thorat is retiring today, after spending nearly 38 years at the mint road during ...

the role of foreign investors in the indian capital market is gaining significant momentum, as foreign stake in indian companies ...

the indian rupee depreciated marginally by 2 paise to rs 44.39 a dollar in the opening trade today, largely in tandem with ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has sounded caution on banks growing involvement in mutual funds as there are issues ...

mutual funds and banks preferred to remain on the sidelines on monday due to the continued tight liquidity in the banking system, ...

india s decision to tighten limits on home loans is boosting confidence that regulators were addressing asset bubbles, ...

around 40 regional rural banks (rrbs) will need rs 2,200 crore recapitalisation by 2011-12, according to a committee set by the ...

some banks in the euro region may continue to face challenges to re-capitalization as they seek to meet the basel committee on ...

though indian banks are adequately capitalised, they will have to raise substantial capital to the fund the growing economy, the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday called for clear demarcation of responsibilities of various regulatory ...

while indian banks showed resilience during the financial crisis, there are areas which need attention, such as asset quality and ...

ireland will try to win support this week from the european union to avoid a greek-style bailout as investors balk at buying the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has expressed concern over the falling credit offtake, which slipped to a poor 16.6 per cent in ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said that home loan disbursals rose by 20 per cent to rs 3.15 lakh crore in 2009-10 ...

the government has infused rs 5,691 crore as part of its recapitalisation programme of banks to maintain their tier i capital ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said that it will review the roadmap with relation to the presence of foreign banks in the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said that management of non-performing assets (npas) by banks remains an area of concern ...

the incremental growth in current and savings account (casa) deposits more than doubled in the past fiscal, thereby, nudging out ...

central bank of india has inked an memorandum of understanding (mou) with commercial vehicles-maker asia motorworks (amw) for ...

the indian rupee declined by 11 paise to 44.32 against the us dollar in early trade at the forex market today, with the american ...

central bank of india cmd s sridhar will launch a rickshaw finance programme in the uttar pradesh capital on november 9. the ...

banks have been told by the reserve bank of india (rbi) to be more transparent and levy reasonable penal charges. the central ...

the andhra pradesh government is likely to file tomorrow its reply in the high court to the objections raised by microfinance ...

with liquidity easing following the reserve bank of india s measures to increase availability of funds and conducting an ...

women in remote korawan, 70 km from allahabad, have come up with a novel bank which exclusively deals with goats - accepting the ...

societe generale, france s second- largest bank, signed an agreement to move its us headquarters to 245 park ave. in new ...

the top us banks could face up to $31 billion in losses from buying back bad mortgages, standard poor s said in a report on ...

reliance mutual fund, the nation s largest fund house, sees a huge opportunity for business growth in the retail debt ...

deposit mobilisation increased by rs 86,945 crore in the fifteen days up to october 22 to a total outstanding of rs 48,75,254 ...

corporation bank on thursday raised its base rate by 50 basis points (bps) to 8.25 per cent, with effect from november 8. base ...

sundaram bnp paribas home finance, the housing finance subsidiary of sundaram finance ltd, has introduced fixed and cumulative ...

wall street traders, who typically receive the fattest year-end bonuses among bank employees, are poised to suffer the biggest ...

the world s biggest bank isn t in the us, where regulators banned lenders from proprietary trading, nor in ...

diwali, the festival of lights, brings a smile to everybody s face. there are bright lights, brighter clothes and to top it ...

having run into rough weather for adopting illegal business practices in andhra pradesh, mfis are now trying to ...

private equity (pe) investment in october dipped significantly by 27 per cent to $326 million (around rs 1,441 crore), the lowest ...

hsbc holdings plc plans to offer shariah-compliant services in india and china after these countries issue regulations to develop ...

the ghost of the us federal reserve s quantitative easing or qe-ii is out and doesn t seem to terrify bankers as ...

federal reserve chairman ben s bernanke is making it harder for jean-claude trichet to lead the european central bank out of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is set to clamp restrictions on at least three foreign banks for indulging in trade practices ...

pune based city corporation limited in association with state bank of india (sbi) is issuing multi-function smart cards to the ...

public sector lender idbi bank has raised $125-million foreign currency syndicated loan from the singapore market to meet the ...

the bank has revised the base rate for lending from 7.75 per cent to 8.25 per cent with effect from november 8, corporation bank ...

still grappling with the nitty gritties of the andhra pradesh microfinance institutions (regulation of money lending) ordinance, ...

banks are starting to fall in line with the reserve bank of india s position on so-called teaser home loans. even as the ...

consumer durables company videocon has formed a joint venture (jv) with us-based liberty mutual group for starting a non-life ...

the orissa government would set up many industrial parks to boost entrepreneurship and generate employment opportunities in the ...

idbi bank yesterday became the first bank to increase interest rates after the reserve bank of india (rbi) raised key policy ...

the us federal reserve will buy an additional $600 billion of treasuries through june, expanding record stimulus and risking its ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has started the process for selecting executive directors (eds) to fill the vacancies following ...

public sector central bank of india has partnered with a micro finance institution (mfi) to extend financial aid to the manual ...

maintaining its progress, the yeshasvini co-operative farmers health scheme has covered 57 per cent of the target set for ...

the state level bankers committee will take up a special campaign this month to clear the backlog lending to the tune of ...

home loan are set to get costlier and there could be some moderation in loan demand, with the reserve bank of india (rbi) asking ...

indicating a sound industrial activity in the country, credit offtake from banks grew by 21.3 per cent during the one-year period ...

about 2.5 lakh employees of state bank of india (sbi) have threatened to go on two-day nationwide strike beginning november 25 to ...

ratings firm moody s has assigned a long-term moderate credit risk to yes bank s currency deposits with a stable outlook, on ...

japanese banking group mitsubishi ufj financial group is poised to buy a $6.4 billion portfolio of project finance loans from ...

bank of baroda opened its 34th urban retail loan factory in orissa at cuttack road in bhubaneswar recently. it was inaugurated by ...

the federal reserve will probably introduce an unprecedented second round of unconventional monetary easing tomorrow by ...

the reserve bank of australia unexpectedly increased its benchmark interest rate on concern stronger growth will cause inflation ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today ruled out any imminent intervention in the foreign exchange market, saying capital inflows ...

public sector lender idbi bank hiked deposit and lending rates by up to 50 basis points (bps) today, hours after the rbi ...

realty developers and property consultants today said that reserve bank of india s (rbi) monetary measures are aimed at ...

in a step towards full autonomy for banks, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it might deregulate interest rates on ...

icici bank and hdfc bank plan to sell their 50 per cent stake in state-owned hindustan petroleum corp ltd s oil exploration firm, ...

india inc today expressed apprehensions that the rbi s decision to hike short-term lending and borrowing rates could lead to ...

moving close to issue banking licences to new players, the reserve bank today said it will issue by january draft guidelines on ...

aimed at taming inflation, the reserve bank today raised key short-term lending and borrowing rates by 25 basis points, but the ...

cost of home, auto and corporate loans may not go up immediately, even though the reserve bank of india (rbi) today raised ...

amid sharp criticism of microfinance institutions (mfis) on using coercive methods for loan recovery, the reserve bank today said ...

the securities and exchange commission (sec) is investigating a $1.1-billion deal sold by jpmorgan chase co, as part of a ...

the reserve bank today hiked its key short-term lending and borrowing rates by 25 basis points each with immediate effect to rein ...

inflation remains above the comfort level and anchoring inflationary expectations is a difficult challenge for monetary policy, ...

micro-finance institutions (mfis) operating in orissa have advanced loans worth rs 1500 crore in the past three to four years, ...

indian overseas bank (iob) has raised $75 million (around rs 345 crore) from standard chartered and deutsche bank as a line of ...

federal reserve chairman ben s bernanke s push to jump-start the us economy this week may weaken the dollar, forcing at ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) said on sunday it will continue to offer limited leeway to banks on the maintenance of statutory ...

goldman sachs group inc is losing its edge in fixed-income trading, the firm s biggest business and the one that led to ...

containing inflation is not just crucial to manage domestic economy, it is also important to protect the edge of indian exports. ...

asset prices and exchange rate movement will be closely monitored by the reserve bank of india, as the central bank fears that ...

even as retail and services pulled up the overall non-food credit, agriculture, petroleum and iron and steel sector reported a ...

private banks see 24.1% growth in credit, while psbs manage 19.8% rise.

speaking after inaugurating the 1,001 joint liability group (jlg) and 75th farmers club launched by the karnataka vikas ...

the central bank has been allotted 35 villages in orissa under financial inclusion plan prepared by the state level ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today hinted at a hike in key rates in its mid-year year policy review tomorrow, saying that ...

ahead of rbi s mid-year monetary policy, the plan panel today suggested that the central bank should not hike the cash reserve ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has estimated the potential for credit deployment in the state ...

close on the heels of the orissa cabinet giving its nod to give grid corporation of orissa (gridco) a financial guarantee of rs ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to make the sixth increase in key policy rates this year, as it seeks to get a firmer ...

domestic mutual fund houses last week borrowed from companies and a few banks at 13-14 per cent to meet the huge redemption ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee today said the reserve bank of india (rbi) will try to strike a balance between growth and ...

leading economists expect the reserve bank of india (rbi) to desist from tightening key short-term rates by more than 0.25 ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi), which today opened a special window for banks to meet any shortage of funds, lent the entire rs ...

the country s largest public sector lender, state bank of india, today said it expects government approval for the rs 20,000 ...

the new rates for one to five years maturities are 1.76 per cent, 1.53 per cent, 1.78 per cent, 2.12 per cent and 2.47 per cent ...

the high court today granted two weeks to microfinance institutions in the state to get themselves registered with their ...

interbank call money rates surged to more than 12 per cent this morning, even after banks on friday net borrowed rs 1,17,660 ...

indian overseas bank (iob) has reported a 17.10 per cent increase in net profit in the quarter ended september 30 to rs 206.15 ...

icici bank posted a 22 per cent increase in net profit to rs 1,395 crore in the three months ended september 30, aided by a sharp ...

high non-performing assets (npa) dragged uco bank s net profit by 42.78 per cent in the second quarter of the present financial ...

standard chartered bank today said that it was among the first to transact in the currency options market on the national stock ...

ending a five-week surge, the country s forex reserves went down by $1.034 billion to $295.40 billion for the week ended october ...

it had a net profit of rs 177.8 crore in the same quarter of the last fiscal, syndicate bank said in a filing to the bombay stock ...

a sub-committee appointed by the reserve bank of india (rbi) will examine recovery mechanism of microfinance institutions (mfis) ...

uco bank s net profit for the quarter ended september 30, 2010, declined 42.61 per cent to rs 119.19 crore, as against rs 207.72 ...

on the occasion of the festival season, punjab national bank (pnb) has launched two new retail term deposit schemes for 555 days ...

steve miller, who was promoted to chairman of american international group three months ago, will be interim chief executive ...

the market saw few issuances of short-term money instruments on thursday because the demand from fund houses were thin on limited ...

with real credit pick-up yet to take place, bankers expect the reserve bank of india (rbi) to maintain status quo, as hardening ...

state-run andhra bank on thursday reported a net profit of rs 303 crore for quarter ended september, a 10.58 per cent increase ...

supported by strong growth in net interest income (nii) and core fee-based income, state-run bank of baroda s net profit ...

sharp rise in interest income and control over interest expenses helped idbi bank post a 69 per cent rise in net profit at rs 429 ...

corporation bank is seeking a financial advisor to assist in the identification and sale of non-performing assets (npas), a ...

the rbi may go for another round of hiking the short term lending and borrowing rates by 25 basis points each, next week on ...

the central bank has warned that any intervention in the currency market to dampen the appreciation of the rupee bears a cost. ...

state bank of hyderabad has launched retail sale of pure gold coins at its headoffice here. these would be available in 2, 4 and ...

in order to expand its presence in the northern region, kolkata-based united bank of india (ubi) is targeting punjab and haryana ...

banks placed three-month certificates of deposit (cds) on wednesday due to demand for the papers from fund houses on inflows in ...

shriram transport finance, the country s largest asset-backed financing company, reported a net profit of rs 298.96 crore ...

sks microfinance on wednesday decided to reduce the interest rate to 24.55 per cent from 26.69 per cent.

the government today said it expects the reserve bank of india (rbi) to issue banking licences to some new players this fiscal, ...

public sector bank central bank of india is all set to start its first financial inclusion initiative in gujarat s khanpur ...

amid reports of suicides by small loan borrowers and talk of a regulator to monitor the microfinance industry, market leader sks ...

the finance ministry today said it is currently examining a proposal by sbi to come out with rights issue, amid speculations that ...

commercial banks in karnataka have submitted their financial inclusion plan (fip) appro-ved by their respective boa-rds to ...

bank of america corp, jpmorgan chase co and seven other banks or loan servicers were subpoenaed by texas attorney general ...

indira kranthi patham, the flagship programme of the state government that support the self-help groups, is under threat from the ...

in a fresh blow to microfinance institutions (mfis), banks are refusing to lend them even a sanctioned line of credit, following ...

catamaran, the fund floated by infosys mentor nr narayana murthy, said it had invested rs 28.1 crore in sks microfinance in ...

ubs fell as much as 5.5 per cent in swiss trading, the biggest decline in almost a year, after posting a 406 million-franc ($418 ...

private life insurer ing life would infuse rs 240 crore in the current financial year to meet its operating expenses and fund it ...

though the recent financial crisis has shown the huge risks in globalisation of finance, there is no evidence of a fundamental ...

i have taken individual health insurance covers for my wife, my son and i. last year, my wife was hospitalised twice, and we ...

public sector lender central bank of india on tuesday posted a net profit of rs 379.3 crore for the quarter ended september, a ...

public sector lender allahabad bank has said the newly introduced system of base rate had effectively checked cross subsidy in ...

after working as a small fund in its two-decade-old existence, bangalore-based canbank venture capital fund is planning to grow ...

as many as 3,395 villages in karnataka with a population of more than 2,000 would be covered by banking services by march 2012, ...

global financial services provider, barclays bank plc, india today announced that it has entered into a referral arrangement with ...

in a bid to check money laundering reserve bank today asked banks to seek valid documents besides certification by employer while ...

the dgcx indian rupee futures contract traded a record 6,043 contracts worth $270.61 million on october 19, beating the previous ...

barclays capital sold $26.4 million of two-month credit-linked notes on bonds issued by the state bank of india (sbi), that pay ...

jammu kashmir bank on monday recorded a 21.6 per cent rise in net profit at rs 163.2 crore in the september quarter on ...

backed by a favourable interest rate scenario and gains in treasury income, united bank of india reported a net profit of rs ...

state bank of india (sbi) has said it will soon start facilitating payments through debit or credit cards at retail outlets and ...

state-owned punjab sind bank is likely to hit the capital market by november this year. the probable date for the initial ...

the interbank call money rate ended significantly above the reserve bank of india s repo rate of 6.0 per cent for the ...

the rupee rose the most in a week after the nation s finance chiefs, along with their counterparts in the group of 20 ...

almost two weeks after the andhra pradesh government issued an ordinance to rein in erring microfinance institutions (mfis) ...

banks borrowed rs 89,900 crore from the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) repo window on monday to cope with the ...

the auction to buy back government bonds worth rs 12,000 crore was heavily undersubscribed today as traders preferred not to sell ...

sks microfinance today said it was unable to recover loans from borrowers due to stringent norms imposed by the andhra pradesh ...

state bank of india (sbi) has said it will soon start business of facilitating payment through debit or credit card at retail ...

the net profit of united bank of india during the second quarter of fy11 increased 31 per cent at rs 109.74 crore over the ...

india s largest private sector bank, icici bank, and american express, a leading global services company, today launched ...

foreign borrowing by indian companies is back to its pre-crisis levels, driven by easy liquidity overseas and a favourable ...

vijaya bank, the bangalore-based public sector lender, has reported a 33.08 per cent growth in its net profit at rs 144.30 crore ...

in order to make the operation of no-frills accounts opened under the financial inclusion plan of the government feasible, state ...

the state-run lender idbi bank has said under the financial inclusion initiatives it has opened 1,000 no-frills accounts in a ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is not in favour of allowing initial public offers (ipos) by life ...

hdfc home loan subsidiary gruh finance plans to reduce its dependence on bank borrowings to check rising interest costs, a top ...

stung by slow credit offtake in the first half, state bank of india (sbi) may revise its loan growth and bring it down to 18 per ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is considering changes in the rules governing the overseas players banking operations in the ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee today said huge fii inflow reflected foreigners confidence in indian growth story and ...

mahindra finance and dewan housing finance ltd (dhfl) have reported strong growth in net profit for the quarter ended september ...

bank of india, the country s fifth-biggest public sector bank by market capitalization, reported a 91 per cent rise in net ...

microfinance institutions (mfis) have agreed to restructure loans from 50 weeks to 75 or even 100 weeks for those who find it ...

i am from business standard. is the board meeting over or still on i ask the receptionist at the headquarters of ...

south indian bank (sib) reported its highest-ever quarterly net profit of rs 77 crore for the quarter ended september 30, 2010, ...

india s foreign exchange reserves rose $641 million to $296.43 billion during the week ended october 15, mainly due to ...

public sector lender bank of maharashtra (bom) today posted 39.6 per cent decline in net profit at rs 52.3 crore.

the government should introduce another round of nationalisation in the country even when there are talks of consolidation, the ...

the country s foreign exchange reserves went up by $641-million to $296.43-billion on the back of a sizable jump in foreign ...

in the face of alleged violations in sale of universal life policies (ulps), insurers would stop selling these products from ...

bangalore-based vijaya bank today said it has clocked a 33.10 per cent jump in its net profit at rs 144.31 crore for the ...

state-owned bank of india (boi) today posted 90.7 per cent rise in net profit at rs 616.7 crore for the second quarter ending ...

the indian rupee depreciated by 19 paise to rs 44.49 a dollar in early trade today, weighed down by dollar s strength against ...

companies borrowing short-term funds may have to wait a little longer before they can breathe easy. the short-term rates have ...

sa-dhan, an association for the microfinance sector, which has a membership of 260 organisations, said that its members had ...

riding on robust auto sales and retail health insurance, non-life insurance companies have witnessed 22.93 per cent growth in ...

south indian bank on thursday said it had clocked its highest-ever quarterly net profit of rs 77 crore in the september quarter, ...

state bank of travancore has posted a net profit of rs 163.60 crore for the quarter-ended september, as against rs 122.49 crore ...

owing to higher core earnings, the mangalore-headquartered corporation bank has posted a net profit of rs 351.7 crore for the ...

backed by higher interest income, public sector lender allahabad bank on thursday reported a net profit of rs 402.57 crore for ...

wall street finance (wsfl), a financial services subsidiary of b k modi-led spice global, on thursday said it would apply to the ...

french banking giant bnp paribas plans to set up a non-banking financial company (nbfc) in the country and will soon apply to the ...

as the group of 20 (g-20) nations meet in seoul, south korea, this weekend to hammer out differences on exchange rates and the ...

sales have been suspended until the final guidelines for ulps are issued. irda said it had received several complaints on the ...

south indian bank (sib) today said it clocked its highest-ever quarterly net profit of rs 77 crore in the second quarter of the ...

public sector lender corporation bank has clocked a 21 per cent increase in its net profit at rs 351.73 crore for the september ...

bangalore-headquartered public sector lender canara bank is planning to enter the united states through acquisition of a small ...

the bombay high court has given the reserve bank of india (rbi) till february-end next year to decide on the transfer of shares ...

in selling 30-year bonds at yields lower than us companies with comparable debt ratings, reliance industries ltd (ril) shows how ...

insurance companies may get another opportunity to shore up their capital base through tier-ii capital, while initial public ...

crisil reports the highest number of upgrades in any six months in its history. two credit assessors today certified ...

kotak mahindra bank onwednesday said it had a 21 per cent rise in consolidated net profit to rs 364 crore for the quarter ended ...

thrissur-based manappuram general finance and leasing ltd reported three-fold increase in net profit at rs 60.18 crore for the ...

owing to higher growth in core earnings, public sector canara bank posted a net profit of rs 1007.88 crore for the quarter ended ...

the country s biggest lender, state bank of india (sbi), announced a token increase in its base rate, softening the blow of ...

bajaj group s financial services arm bajaj finserv reported a nearly 57 per cent jump in its consolidated net profit at rs ...

uk-based standard chartered, the first foreign entity to be listed in the country, today said its indian depository receipt (idr) ...

axis mutual fund today launched its new open-ended exchange-traded fund, axis gold etf, focused on gold-related investment and ...

dbs bank india today said that it has increased its base rate by 0.25 per cent from 7 per cent to 7.25 per cent.

bank of america corp, the largest us lender, reported a $7.3 billion loss tied to the cost of new federal rules on consumer ...

the world bank lowered its outlook for growth next year in china and across east asia, urging officials in the region to curb ...

axis bank, india s fourth-largest lender by market value, has hired five banks to sell $500 million of dollar-denominated ...

the reserve bank of india s committee on microfinance institutions (mfis) will examine issues of high interest rates, ...

on the back of strong growth in interest income, hdfc bank reported a net profit of rs 912.1 crore for the quarter ended ...

suresh gurumani, who was removed from the position of the chief executive officer of sks microfinance, plans to attend the ...

bangalore-based private sector lender, ing vysya bank ltd, today reported 41 per cent rise in its net profit at rs 75.3 crore for ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh) reported a 12.85 per cent increase in its net profit to rs 264.48 crore for the quarter ended ...

as part of its navathy celebrations, catholic syrian bank (csb) has hiked the interest rate on term deposits across various ...

tamilnad mercantile bank ltd has increased the interest rates on term deposits of various maturities by 25 to 50 basis points ...

amid rbi demand that bank mergers be kept out of competition watchdog cci s purview, government today said it would take the view ...

at a time when the property market is once again looking robust, deutsche postbank formerly birla home finance ...

the punjab government requested the reserve bank of india that it should impress upon public sector banks to aggressively promote ...

indian banks are planning to add loan products in the financial programme, which was initiated by the government of india to take ...

buoyed by strong volume growth in consumer and sme (small and medium enterprise) business lines, bajaj finance limited clocked a ...

bangalore-based state bank of mysore (sbm), an associate bank of the sbi group, reported a net profit of rs 93.36 crore for the ...

the mutual funds (mfs) preferred to remain on the sidelines and invest only in papers maturing up to december due to tight ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) might intervene to weaken the rupee and protect exporters, if the currency appreciates past 43 ...

standard chartered has increased its holding in standard chartered-stci capital markets to 100 per cent by acquiring the ...

microfinance institutions network (mfin), a grouping of microfinance institutions, today said it is considering the option of ...

ing vysya bank has recorded a 41 per cent jump in its net profit for the september quarter at rs 75.3 crore on the back of a ...

apex housing lender national housing bank (nhb) today increased interest rate by up to 50 basis points on its fixed deposit ...

private sector lender icici bank today launched i-express, an instant cross-border money transfer option for non-resident indians ...

two regional federal reserve presidents said the central bank should consider more policy action to stimulate the economy while ...

mangalore-headquartered private sector lender karnataka bank has registered a 76 per cent rise in its net profit to rs 28.72 ...

the bank of england will increase its emergency bond-purchase plan by 100 billion ($160 billion) to aid the economy as the ...

the rupee could strengthen to drop below the 44-level against the dollar again this week as balance flows from overseas investors ...

post offices can now distribute insurance products with irda, allowing each circle of the department of post (dop) to act as a ...

the four state-owned general insurers will finalise by this month end a common third party administrator (tpa) -- who will be ...

bharti axa investment managers and pramerica asset management company are in talks with bank of india (boi) for selling their ...

a day after the state government promulgated the andhra pradesh microfinance institutions (regulation of money lending) ...

ubs ag, the largest swiss bank, said it had been in talks with dozens of proprietary traders from firms worldwide ...

china s southern city of guangzhou limited new home purchases to one unit for each household, joining eight cities that ...

global board of trade (gbot), promoted by the financial technologies group, will offer commodity and currency derivatives ...

leaders of the world s largest economies, divided over how to curb risk-taking by their biggest banks, will likely fail to ...

a rally in the rupee, asia s best performer in the past month, was not a matter of concern yet , finance ...

the per capita deposits at commercial banks in orissa has recorded a consistent increase from 2005-06 to 2008-09 and is fast ...

the recovery of loans by the banks operating in orissa has been far from satisfactory. by the end of 2008-09, the average ...

state bank of india (sbi) will raise up to rs 1,000 crore through a lower tier-ii bond issue, primarily being hawked to retail ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has formed a sub-committee to look into the functioning of microfinance institutions (mfis) and ...

the andhra pradesh government today issued an ordinance to stem the alleged abusive practices adopted by microfinance ...

sks microfinance ltd, india s largest microfinance institution, says it can reduce lending rates from the present 26 per ...

state bank of india (sbi) sees a rise in its lending rates including the base rate shortly, prompted by tight ...

hsbc holdings plc, europe s largest bank, abandoned a bid to buy a $7.3 billion controlling stake in south africa s ...

coal india s upcoming initial public offering cast a long shadow over india s financial markets today. the country s ...

in what could affect home and auto loan buyers, state bank of india (sbi) today said it plans to hike its base rate by december ...

the country s foreign exchange reserves went up by $1.63-billion to $295.79-billion on the back of a healthy jump in foreign ...

keeping a watch on the record $22 billion foreign institutional investors (fii) investments in the booming indian stock markets ...

public sector lender state bank of india (sbi) today said it expects to launch its rs 20,000-crore rights before the culmination ...

financial services major bank of america will hire more than 1,000 people in the us, to boost its presence in the small ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today announced constitution of a sub-committee to look into the functioning of micro finance ...

union bank of india, today announced a revision of its base rate and the interest rates on retail term deposits. the base rate ...

icici bank was considering barring senior executives who depart for competitors from starting their new jobs within six months of ...

l t infrastructure finance co ltd, an arm of engineering and construction giant larsen toubro ltd., plans to raise rs ...

lic housing finance, the country s second-largest mortgage lender, recorded a net profit of rs 234.21 crore during the ...

owing to strong growth in interest income, the country s third-largest private sector lender, axis bank, reported a net ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has divested its 71.5 per cent stake, aggregating to rs 1,430 crore, in the national bank for ...

unlike sks microfinance, which recently went public, ananya finance for inclusive growth (afig), the ahmedabad-based self ...

singapore unexpectedly signalled it will allow faster currency gains to curb inflation even as the economy shrank, with slowing ...

call it the sks effect. stung by the controversy over the sudden sacking of the managing director at india s largest ...

amid the debate over whether the reserve bank of india (rbi) should hold stake in lending institutions or only be a regulator, ...

singapore mercantile exchange today said the singapore branch of icici bank ltd has become its special clearing member (scm) for ...

federal bank has waived surcharge on petrol purchases for all its debit card holders. the offer is available on purchase of fuel ...

state bank of india (sbi) is planning to raise more funds through retail bond issuances, depending on the success of its first ...

positive business sentiment will improve demand for credit offtake from indian inc in the second half (october 10-march 11) of ...

life insurance companies have asked the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) not to cap charges on universal ...

credit-default swaps on bonds sold by brazil, russia, india and china (bric) are closing in on those tied to the world s ...

public sector oriental insurance company may have to cough up around rs 5 crore under the directors and officers ...

life insurance corporation (lic) employees have had to settle for a 17.5 per cent wage increase, in line with what was offered to ...

employed individuals are default beneficiaries of group insurance policies bought by a company on behalf of the employees. while ...

state-owned oriental bank of commerce (obc) today said it has requested the government to provide rs 1,000 crore as capital ...

reflecting fragile recovery in world s major economies, foreign direct investment into india dipped for the third consecutive ...

the finance ministry today said it will provide equity support of about rs 8,700 crore to the public sector banks, a move that ...

private sector insurer metlife india insurance today launched a term insurance product met protect, the first such life cover ...

transactions worth rs 6,259.42 crore were carried out in the country by credit cards during the august-month, a growth of 28.89 ...

i have heard insurers are launching new, improved unit-linked insurance plans (ulips), in terms of lower charges. i own two ...

citigroup and us banks that hunkered down following 2008 bailouts are expanding into new businesses and markets, bringing higher ...

the government and financial sector regulators buried their differences on the proposed financial stability development ...

sequoia capital, which started operations a decade ago, has invested $800 million in 60 companies since 2000. while the fund ...

the 2010 calendar year is being described as the best for private equity (pe) since 2007. as capital markets return to their ...

the andhra pradesh government plans to come out with an ordinance to regulate the activities of microfinance institutions (mfis) ...

the growth of industrial production in the month of august remains in the broader trend of the annual growth, even though it ...

bangalore-headquartered public sector lender vijaya bank has entered into an agreement with global money transfer company ...

india infrastructure finance co ltd (iifcl) on tuesday launched its takeout financing scheme, aiming to take over rs 3,000 crore ...

life insurance companies may be allowed to take over banks long-term infrastructure loans. however, their exposure will be ...

western union and state bank of india today said that sbi account holders will soon be able to route overseas money transfers ...

private sector lender axis bank today said it has received approval from the reserve bank of india (rbi) to set up a subsidiary ...

public sector dena bank, today said that it has increased interest rates on its domestic term deposits by 0.25-0.50 per cent for ...

private sector lender axis bank today said that it expects to grow ahead of the banking sector with 25 per cent rise in credit ...

state-owned punjab national bank (pnb) today said it hopes to complete the acquisition of the kazakhstan-based dana bank by the ...

the issue of managing capital flows is likely to come up for discussion in the next meeting of the high level coordination ...

amid concerns within the reserve bank of india (rbi), about it being overshadowed by a super regulator, a government official ...

china s central bank unexpectedly and temporarily raised reserve requirements for six large commercial banks, reining in ...

sks microfinance limited on monday said the board resolution passed on october 4, terminating suresh gurumani s employment with ...

owing to a strong growth in interest income, private sector lender, indusind bank reported a 71 per cent increase in its net ...

a stronger credit growth in the busy season may intensify competition among banks to raise resources, pushing up deposits rates ...

three months after the base rate regime to price loans began, only a handful of customers have shifted to it from the erstwhile ...

lic hfl financial services, a subsidiary of housing mortgage lender lic housing finance, on monday tied up with public sector ...

the rally in rupee, asia s best performer in the past month, is showing no signs of slowing as record share sales by ...

closes at 44.41 per dollar, compared to 44.44 on friday.

l t general insurance company limited, a fully owned subsidiary of engineering construction major larsen and toubro ...

national bank regulators risk undermining a fragile economic recovery if they pursue a new round of capital and liquidity rules ...

riding on robust growth in net interest income (nii) indusind bank has clocked 71 per cent growth in its net profit for the ...

amid concerns within the reserve bank of india (rbi) about it being overshadowed by a super regulator, a government official said ...

the reserve bank governor may not be made the vice-chairman of the financial stability and development council (fsdc), as was ...

dhanlaxmi bank has announced an increase of 50 basis points in its base rate and the bench-mark prime lending rate (bplr) with ...

the improvement in net interest income (nii) on account of rise in prime lending rates and control over cost of resources ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will intervene if foreign inflows were lumpy or volatile, governor d subbarao said in washington. ...

the rupee may continue to strengthen on optimism that overseas funds will invest more in local stocks and bonds. the global ...

axis bank ltd, india s third-largest private sector lender, aims to increase the share of its retail advances to a quarter of the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has thrown a spanner in the works of a government proposal to liberalise the pricing guidelines ...

us private equity giant carlyle group is betting that patience will be rewarded in an indian market where global players have had ...

sks microfinance is likely to take a call next week on the extraordinary general meeting (egm) to get the nod of shareholders for ...

bankers tried to do a bombay club on the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday, but quickly fell in line after ...

karnataka-based banks have kickstarted the financial inclusion plan as envisaged by the reserve bank of india to provide ...

the federation of indian chambers of commerce and industry (ficci) and the associated chambers of commerce and industry of india ...

industry chambers today strongly pitched for corporates entering the banking space, with all of them stating that a lower capital ...

bank of america corp (bofa) is halting foreclosures and sales of foreclosed properties in all 50 us states pending a review of ...

the country s foreign exchange reserves went up for the third straight week, rising by $2.57-billion to $294.16-billion on the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said that public sector banks will have to make transfer of funds to government account in ...

m m today issued a notice for early redemption of its outstanding fccbs of $141.2 million and setting the last date for ...

the rupee today weakened by 14 paise to rs 44.33 a dollar in early trade as the us currency firmed up against other major world ...

the government would raise its holdings in state-run banks, in which it holds less than 55 per cent, to avoid diluting its ...

reliance anil dhirubhai ambani group s reliance life insurance on thursday announced it s foray into health insurance ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee has said that the proposed high-level financial stability and development council (fsdc) would ...

a majority of fixed income investors expect the fiscal deficit to stay close to the government s target of 5.5 per cent or ...

india s largest lender, the state bank of india, was planning to raise $500 million through a non-dollar bond by november, ...

the amount of problem credit admitted in corporate debt restructuring (cdr) mechanism declined sharply during april-september ...

icici bank s plan to sell as much as $1 billion of debt has put local companies on course to raise a record amount of ...

tuticorin-based tamilnad mercantile bank (tmb) is planning its foray abroad by opening branches in sri lanka, malaysia and ...

the currency, at 47.08 per dollar on august 31, has gained 6.1 per cent since.

the reserve bank of india (rbi) set up a committee on thursday to study the advisability of granting licences for setting up ...

investment banks in india faced pressure on fees as competition intensified for state asset sales in a record year for equity ...

the confederation of indian industry (cii) on thursday told the reserve bank of india (rbi) that it did not favour automatic ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today set up an expert group to study granting of licences to new urban co-operative banks ...

the enforcement directorate (ed) has issued an international blue notice alert for detention of former ipl chairman lalit modi ...

taking the process of issuing new private bank licences forward, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today met stakeholders, ...

shares of non-banking finance companies (nbfcs), including ifci and idfc, which are reported to be mulling to enter the banking ...

the rupee appreciated by 16 paise to rs 44.33 against the us dollar at the interbank foreign exchange market in the morning trade ...

state-owned oriental bank of commerce (obc) on wednesday said it had hiked its base rate, below which banks can t offer ...

south india-based banks have kickstarted the financial inclusion plan as envisaged by the reserve bank of india to provide ...

the international monetary fund (imf) today revised upwards its india growth projection for 2010 to 9.7 per cent, from the ...

more and more insurance companies are introducing solutions for motor policyholders. since the insurance regulatory and ...

india infrastructure finance co ltd (iifcl) has tweaked some norms relating to its much-awaited takeout financing scheme for ...

reflecting a turnaround in credit demand, public sector lender, idbi bank, plans to disburse credit worth rs 6,000 crore to small ...

the country witnessed a four-fold rise in debit card transactions at point-of-sale (pos) terminals last year, according to a ...

the rates for three-month and one-year certificates of deposits rose 5-10 basis points amid thin demand from mutual funds on ...

compared to last year, credit grew at a faster pace in the first half of 2010-11, according to data released by the reserve bank ...

high unemployment, public debt and fragile banking systems pose risks to global prosperity, the international monetary fund has ...

indicating a sound industrial activity in the country, credit offtake from banks grew by 19.2 per cent during the one-year period ...

state-owned oriental bank of commerce (obc) and bank of india (boi) today their hiked base rate, below which banks can t offer ...

the srei infrastructure financing group companies, srei infrastructure finance and srei equipment finance today announced a hike ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is holding a meeting with industry chambers, including indian banks association (iba) and cii, ...

sundaram home finance, a joint venture between sundaram finance ltd and bnp paribas, plans to raise around rs 250 crore from ...

microfinance institutions (mfis) on tuesday shrugged off the decision by sks microfinance on monday to summarily sack chief ...

axis bank plans to sell as much as $200 million of commercial paper (cp), according to standard poor s. the notes ...

ifmr capital has structured, arranged and co-invested in a rs 106.38-crore securitisation of 105,422 micro-credit loans given by ...

icici bank, the country s second-largest lender in terms of market value, hired three banks to help it raise as much as $1 ...

the upturn in global private equity-backed deal activity continued for the third consecutive quarter this year, with transactions ...

a day after the board of sks microfinance abruptly terminated the 22-month appointment of suresh gurumani as its managing ...

private equity (pe) firms invested about $2,047 million across 88 deals during the quarter ended september 2010, according to a ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor subir gokarn today hinted at responding to the continuing surge in capital inflows if ...

the leading lender icici bank today effected a 25 basis points increase in its base rate to 7.75 per cent, a notch above its ...

development credit bank today revised its base rate to 8.25 per cent per annum from the earlier base rate of 7.75 per cent per ...

state-owned bank of baroda and private lender development credit bank ltd (dcb) both announced a hike in their benchmark lending ...

idbi federal life insurance said on monday it was aiming at a 70 per cent growth in total premium collections during the current ...

the government is likely to decide on implementing the khandelwal committee report on human resources (hr) issues in public ...

ubs ag and credit suisse group ag need to hold almost double the capital required under basel iii rules, said a swiss ...

the institute of chartered accountants of india (icai), the national standard setting body of auditors, has proposed ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will avoid intervening in the foreign-exchange market for the 11th consecutive month, as the ...

demand from mutual funds who are the major investors in short-term money market instruments fell on monday as most of ...

the insurance regulatory development authority (irda) is planning to cap the charges on universal life policies, or ulps. ...

a bankers organisation today said the reserve bank of india s (rbi) proposal to deregulate interest rate on savings bank ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today constituted a working group to review the current operating procedure of monetary policy, ...

in line with the reserve bank of india s (rbi) plans to open up the banking sector, the government today said that it was in ...

india should open interest free banking windows in conventional banks as a pilot project, muddassir siddqui, a leading authority ...

the country s largest insurer, life insurance corporation, plans to approach sector regulator irda in the next 8-10 days to ...

expressing concern over the rising non-performing assets (npas) and wrong valuation, valuers (those who evaluate properties, ...

state bank of mysore (sbm) hopes to use its position as the registrar for unique identification authority of india (uidai) or ...

punjab national bank (pnb), the public sector bank is aiming at issuing a total of 400,000 smart cards in the impoverished ...

muthoot finance has filed the draft prospectus with market regulator the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) to raise ...

lenders in florida and washington collapsed today, pushing the number of us bank failures to 129 for the year, as financial firms ...

the dollar fell against all of its most-traded counterparts as federal reserve officials made statements encouraging speculation ...

they may not have proper roads, drinking water and other facilities but around 400 households in malari, a far-flung area in the ...

switzerland s tax treaty with germany may finish banking secrecy in europe and prompt withdrawals, as swiss banks will no ...

public sector lender united bank of india has embarked on a technology upgrade drive, under which it plans to spend about rs 77 ...

idbi bank plans to raise $2-3 billion from abroad over the next 12 months to give loans to indian companies, chairman ...

a day after large banks such as punjab national bank and idbi bank increased base rates, state-run lenders indian overseas bank ...

aided by strong capital flows and revaluation of global currencies, india s foreign exchange reserves rose $3.86 billion to ...

after tightening monetary policy to combat inflation, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has expressed concern at rising prices of ...

two state-owned lenders indian bank and indian overseas bank today announced raising their minimum benchmark lending rate by up ...

public sector idbi bank will be raising foreign loans of up to $3 billion in the next one year through multiple sources, a top ...

country s foreign exchange reserves continued their rise for the second consecutive week, going up by $3.86-billion to ...

the kerala-based private catholic syrian bank proposes to mobilise rs 1000 crore in the current fiscal, a top company official ...

ireland is preparing to take majority control of allied irish banks and pump extra cash into anglo irish bank, raising the cost ...

the state bank of mysore (sbm) hopes to use its position as the registrar for unique identification authority of india (uidai) or ...

we will help you stay fit seems to be the new mantra of many insurance companies. three big players icici ...

k subrahmanya sarma, v krishnamurthy and bobby jose c on thursday were unanimously elected as directors of the catholic syrian ...

a sian currencies had their biggest quarterly advance since 2004, as the world s fastest economic growth lured funds to the ...

mastercard on thursday said it has acquired 12.5 per cent stake in pune-based third-party paymet services provider electracard ...

shriram properties, the real estate arm of shriram group, plans to raise $100 million (rs 452 crore) this year from private ...

the promoters of bharti axa insurance bharti enterprises and axa asia pacific holdings are looking to divest ...

muthoot finance ltd plans to raise at least rs 800 crore ($178 million) from an initial public offering (ipo) in india, according ...

firstsource solutions, a mumbai-based business process outsourcing (bpo) provider, on thursday announced a five-year outsourcing ...

the supreme court on thursday set aside a gujarat high court order that prohibited banks from transferring debts, including ...

even as the current account deficit widened during the first quarter and the real effective exchange rate (reer) indicated the ...

india s current account deficit rose sharply in the quarter ended june 30 to $13.7 billion, from $4.5 billion a year ago, ...

lending rates have started rising after more than two years. five banks have increased their benchmark lending rate or ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it will implement risk mitigation mechanisms from november 1 as part of plans to ...

in a mixed bag of offerings this festive season, banks today decided to push up interest rates on home and auto loans but also ...

kotak institutional equities chief economist mridul saggar will rejoin rbi tomorrow as the research unit head, where he would ...

kerala-based leading domestic gold loan financer, manappuram general finance and leasing, plans to invest rs 2,000-crore in ...

bharti axa life insurance, a joint venture between bharti enterprises and axa asia-pacific holdings, today said it will infuse rs ...

the country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today said it will raise deposit rates by 25 to 75 basis points from ...

the supreme court today set aside a gujarat high court order that prohibited banks from transferring debts, including ...

bank of india (boi) had adopted tembhali village of maharashtra s nandurbar district for financial inclusion. so, it was ...

the reserve bank of india has told banks to put conservative limits on their investments in zero coupon bonds, ...

the government banks increased their market share both in credit and deposit in 2010 as compared to the previous year while state ...

life insurance companies have witnessed a 70 per cent jump in new premium collection during the first five months of the ...

tata consultancy services (tcs), hcl infosystems and integra micro system have bagged a contract worth rs 243 crore from bank of ...

bangalore-headquartered public sector lender vijaya bank has launched its financial inclusion plan at sunaganahalli village in ...

with the reserve bank of india (rbi) allowing companies with extensive retail networks to act as business correspondents (bc), ...

traditional banking still finds favour with most indians, said a study. most customers prefer visiting a branch or accessing ...

banks have welcomed the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) decision to allow banks to choose companies as business ...

the insurance behemoth life insurance corporation of india (lic), which is the world s largest life insurer in terms of ...

microfinance institutions in the country may be subject to stricter regulations considering the socio-political ...

indiafirst life insurance, jointly promoted by bank of baroda, andhra bank and britain s legal general, today said its ...

the oriental insurance company has plans to roll out two new health insurance products by the end of current fiscal year, a top ...

the rupee appreciated by 25 paise to 44.90 against the us dollar at the interbank foreign exchange market in the morning trade ...

gross income rose 82 per cent over the same quarter last year to rs 314 crore, while incremental loan disbursements were up 81 ...

in an effort to grab a share of the hefty diwali bonus to employees in government and corporate sector, country s largest ...

with retail investors less inclined to put money into savings accounts due to low interest rates, banks have raised bulk deposit ...

india s combination of reducing targets for debt sales this financial year and opening its market to more foreign ...

aiming to promote financial inclusion, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today allowed corporates and post offices to function as ...

private sector player icici prudential life insurance today said it is well capitalised and does not have to tap the equity ...

he s known as a no-nonsense banker. a former colleague remembers that he held his ground with the unions and ran ...

rates on three-month certificates of deposit (cds) rose 10-15 basis points as banks issued certificates of deposit to build their ...

to stop micro-finance institutions (mfis) from charging usurious rates, the finance ministry has asked state-owned banks to ...

money market rates at a two-year high are making the shortest-term debt investments more popular than stocks, bonds and gold amid ...

state-run power finance corporation (pfc) will start issuing infrastructure bonds to retail investors by december-end. it is ...

several international insurance firms that operate in india through joint ventures exercise control over them, despite having ...

the us treasury department may announce plans as early as this week to return american international group to independence and ...

infrastructure development finance corporation (idfc) plans to raise up to rs 3,400 crore through a 10-year retail bond issue ...

giving a clear advantage to psu banks, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked state governments not to engage private banks ...

state-run central bank of india today said it will raise about rs 2,500 crore through a rights issue in the current financial ...

allahabad bank is all set to revise interest rates for domestic term deposits below rs 1.00 crore with effect from september 27, ...

the government needs to support the proposed rights issue of state bank of india (sbi), a top finance ministry official said ...

bankers are optimistic about reaching out to unbanked sections of society through mobile phones to fulfill the government s goal ...

state-owned bank of baroda (bob) is the second most productive lender among nationalised banks in terms of profit per employee ...

financial planning and advisory services, the wealth management division of the bank launched this year, is now available in 924 ...

as per the data, average business brought by each employee of sbi stood at rs 6.36 crore, against the industry average of rs 8.73 ...

insurance regulator irda is all set to frame guidelines for allowing insurance cover for nuclear accidents and is awaiting ...

aiming to increase its new premium income by 50 per cent, canara bank, hsbc insurance and obc will infuse another rs 100 crore in ...

citigroup. said it will pay no stock salary to chief executive officer vikram pandit for the portion of 2010 that the company is ...

twenty-one banks agreed in shanghai today to sell loans on china s interbank market as the government allowed the ...

oriental insurance company limited, one of india s premier insurance companies, is aiming to roll out two new health insurance ...

the credit growth in uttar pradesh has picked up in the current financial year, better than the previous year, as well as the ...

chennai-based indian bank is targeting a total business of rs 1.85 lakh crore in the current fiscal, a top official said here ...

the country s forex reserves rose by $3.23 billion to $287.73 billion last week from $284.50 billion in the previous week, ...

shyam srinivasan, formerly of the standard chartered bank, on thursday took charge as the new managing director ceo of the ...

commercial banks saw a fall in their returns on assets (roa) in the financial year ended march 31, 2010 as a decrease in funding ...

domestic banks will need rs 6,00,000 crore capital in nine years to march 31, 2019, which is when the basel-iii norms kick in ...

mutual funds continued to invest in papers maturing in up to three months on inflows in their liquid schemes, dealers said. on ...

hdfc may raise deposit rates by 0.25-0.5 per cent next month.

a meeting was held in shimla on tuesday to finalise the record of discussions on japan international cooperation agency(jica) ...

the government will pare its borrowing in the second half of the financial year, thanks to higher-than-expected revenues from the ...

ifci financial services limited (i-fin), financial products and services provider subsidiary of industrial finance corporation of ...

the federal reserve moved closer to a second wave of unconventional monetary easing and said for the first time that too-low ...

the rupee might extend the trend of its strengthening on the back of overseas inflows, bankers and dealers said. the currency, ...

worried over banks reluctance to increase deposit rates despite its signal, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has prodded ...

deposits show modest growth...

credit rating agency crisil today announced acquisition of pipal research corporation, a knowledge process outsourcing (kpo) ...

the muthoot pappachan group, a diversified one, has picked up one per cent stake in the private sector catholic syrian bank, ...

banks are putting up stiff resistance to reserve bank of india s (rbi s) move to deregulate the interest rate on ...

the supreme court today directed icici bank to release the money of investment firm jermyn capital, suspected to be one of the 50 ...

customers of gold loans of up to rs 1 lakh availed from regional rural banks (rrbs) can repay their credit with a one-time ...

the us federal reserve has once again retained key interest rates at near-zero levels as part of its continuing efforts to boost ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has postponed by a year its plan to open banking facilities in all villages with a population of ...

the rupee gained 14 paise to 45.53 against the us dollar at the interbank foreign exchange today on continued capital inflows ...

on a day the sensex touched the 20,000 mark for the first time since january 2008 on the back of overseas inflows, bank stocks ...

mangalore-headquartered public sector lender corporation bank has launched a festival bonanza offer which includes ...

public sector lender union bank of india may raise deposit rates next month if its mobilisation is slow, amidst expectations of a ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic), the country s largest life insurer, has set a pan-india premium collection target of ...

jorge paulo lemann lost his first job, as a financial columnist at jornal do brasil, after graduating from harvard university in ...

state-run rural electrification corporation (rec) has received the status of an infrastructure finance company (ifc) from the ...

bnp paribas sa, groupe credit agricole, bpce sa and eight other banks were a fined a total of 384.9 million after ...

currently, the company has 1,300 retail loan shops, which it plans to increase upto 1600 by march 2011. in the last six months, ...

use of debit cards can be popularised in the country if reserve bank of india (rbi) accepts a proposal that banks cut fees for ...

while the use of prepaid cards is yet to take off in india, the size of the potential market is estimated at $93 billion ( rs ...

the european union on monday pressed for more access to its banking and insurance companies to operate in india, the second ...

banks continued to issue certificates of deposit (cds) on monday to build their deposit base targets and on expectation that ...

barely two weeks after opening a special branch for high networth individuals, the state bank of india (sbi) on monday launched ...

state-owned punjab sind bank today signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with the unique identification authority of ...

financial sector watchdogs, rbi and sebi, today came out strongly in support of having a diversified ownership in exchanges for ...

in the last fortnight alone (september 1-17), the foreign institutional investors have made a net buy of whopping rs 12,442 crore ...

new bourse for currency derivatives the united stock exchange of india began operations today and witnessed good volumes in the ...

karnataka-headquartered banks may not see any increase in their borrowing cost in the medium term despite a hike of key policy ...

the future rbi action on monetary policy will be guided by factors like inflation and economic growth, rather than reversing the ...

banks in georgia, new jersey, ohio and wisconsin were closed by regulators, according to statements posted yesterday on the ...

elizabeth warren, who president barack obama named an adviser to set up the consumer financial protection bureau, immediately ...

after lying low for about a year on the acquisition front, saraswat coop bank the largest among urban cooperative banks ...

the karnataka-headquartered banks are planning to open new branches in the northern parts of the country to increase their ...

a day after digesting the reserve bank of india s mid-quarter monetary policy review, most bankers say they will hold their ...

the reserve bank of india has given permission to the department of posts (dop) to launch its prepaid debit card, in partnership ...

three-month certificates of deposit (cds) were quoted at 7.15-7.35 per cent as against 7.1-7.3 per cent on wednesday, while ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) raised key rates today, but at the same time signalled that its monetary tightening cycle that ...

kolkata-based united bank of india (ubi) is targetting extension of banking facilities to 1,841 villages having population over ...

in an effort to grow business, hyderabad-based microfinance institution (mfi) trident microfin plans to raise rs 75 crore by ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, today announced that it had opened 50 first-of-its-kind ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will consider tomorrow whether to raise interest rates for a fifth time this year as ...

the new wholesale price index (wpi), seen as much wider and relevant, may present one more dilemma to the reserve bank of india ...

issuances of short-term money market instruments rose manifold today because mutual funds, the major investors in such papers, ...

nearly 50 million subscribers to employees provident fund organisation (epfo) are in for a surprise bonanza with the ...

china s banking regulator may require the nation s biggest lenders to boost their capital adequacy ratios to as high ...

japan intervened in the foreign- exchange market for the first time since 2004 after a surge in the yen to the strongest against ...

the indian rupee gained 6 paise to 46.38 against the us dollar in early trade on the interbank foreign exchange today, supported ...

national australia bank ltd scrapped a a$13.3 billion ($12.4 billion) bid for axa asia pacific holdings ltd after the regulator ...

corporate pension plans in the us are falling behind future payouts to retirees by the most in a decade amid a slowing economy ...

in an ideal world, central bankers should be forward-looking , as the clich goes, and should base policy ...

two years after lehman brothers collapsed under $613 billion of debt, investors are questioning whether the investment-banking ...

the bank of baroda (bob) had received approvals from the government and the reserve bank of india (rbi) for taking over the ...

issuances of short-term money market instruments continued to remain low because mutual funds stayed on the sidelines due to ...

rbf had defaulted in paying about rs 454 crore to 1.92 lakh depositors in 1999, following which about 20,000 depositors lodged ...

the rupee gained 3 paise to 46.36 against the us $ in early trade today, supported by continued foreign capital inflows and ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has formed a committee to review the current operating procedure of its monetary policy and the ...

european central bank president jean-claude trichet, speaking on behalf of the world s central bankers, said he s ...

reserve bank of india s (rbi s) deputy governor, k c chakrabarty said there was a plan to cover all villages through ...

most indian banks are sufficiently capitalised and unlikely to need additional capital in the near term to meet the basel-iii ...

ramesh vangal and foreign investors backing him have decided to exit the nadar community-controlled tamilnad mercantile bank ...

shares of state bank of india today zoomed over 6 per cent to hit a life-time high of rs 3,175 on the bse, taking the state-run ...

the rupee climbed to its highest in a month on monday after robust factory output, and buoyed by a return in risk taking globally ...

state-owned life insurance corporation of india (lic) has asked the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) to ...

the four state-owned general insurers have extended the application deadline by three weeks to september 24 for setting up a ...

the private equity arm of j p morgan had invested rs 200 crore during february 2008. another global financial behemoth aig had ...

muthoot finance, which is into financial services business, will strengthen its presence in andhra pradesh by adding 150 branches ...

the impasse between the finance ministry and reserve bank of india (rbi) on at least one crucial issue has come to an end. both ...

the kerala-based dhanalakshmi bank is on a drive to ramp up its nri (non-resident indian) deposit base and has devised a strategy ...

when a 30-year-old client met with an accidental death, his claim voucher amounted to rs 65,280, including the accident benefit. ...

hypo real estate holding ag, the lender whose 2009 implosion was germany s biggest bank failure since world war ii, is to ...

hsbc holdings plc is likely to pick a successor to chairman stephen green before the end of the month, according to a person with ...

a senior banker at the lloyds tsb has resigned following claims that millions of pounds were channelled to companies set up by a ...

the reserve bank of india has less space for policy intervention with regard to the present interest rate regime in the wake of ...

life insurance corporation (lic) today said it has earned premium of rs 4,853 crore from bharat sanchar nigam (bsnl) under a ...

foreign exchange reserves continued to rise for the second consecutive week, jumping by $2.49 billion to $285.33 billion on the ...

state-owned punjab sind bank, which has filed papers for a rs 600 crore initial public offer (ipo), plans to recruit 1,000 ...

if you are like your cigarette or gutkha, the rajkot people s co-operative bank has no job for you. the bank does not hire ...

the tamil nadu government plans to invite international bids by early next month for its proposed financial city near chennai. ...

in what will earn insurance agents a higher commission, life insurance companies are launching new traditional products along ...

national australia bank ltd s planned a$13.3 billion ($12.2 billion) takeover of asset manager axa asia pacific holdings ...

patients who are undergoing treatment and have cashless medical policies can now breathe easy. their existing policies will cover ...

the bank of england maintained its emergency bond-purchase plan and left its benchmark interest rate at a record low to support ...

rates rose 5-10 basis points in the primary market on thursday on views liquidity may tighten next week due to corporate advance ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) had allowed banks to restructure loans of airline companies without reckoning them as ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday said large banks can be extremely vulnerable if expansion strategies are based on ...

bank of india (boi) would not require an extension of deadline to meet the 70 per cent provision coverage ratio mandated by the ...

axis bank has tied up with south-based microfinance institution janalakshmi social services to provide banking services to the ...

it s not as if credit is picking up with huge momentum. liquidity is better but still not in excess. i think it s a ...

federal bank s atm network has been linked to the indiapay national financial switch (nfs) managed by national payments ...

the yen edged near to a 15-year high against the dollar on thursday as investors bet on the japanese authorities are not yet ...

the rupee today strengthened by 12 paise to trade at 46.51 a dollar at the interbank foreign exchange on continued capital ...

four months after the 110-billion ($140 billion) bailout for greece, the nation still hasn t disclosed the full ...

standard chartered plc, ranked 14th among merger advisers in india last year, has climbed to number two by financing takeovers in ...

to increase the share of low-cost deposits in the total resource base, vijaya bank is coming up with special offers for current ...

global regulators reached a compromise on capital ratios for banks that would introduce higher capital requirements over a five ...

interest rates on certificates of deposit (cds), which had softened in previous weeks, might be headed upwards again with rs ...

issuances of short-term money market instruments fell on wednesday because mutual funds, the major investors for such papers, ...

high deposit rates have finally succeeded in wooing customers. during the fortnight ended august 27, deposits mobilised by banks ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has allowed banks to help debt-strapped airline companies, on a case-by-case basis, by ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will set strict terms that may include additional capital requirements for banks managing large ...

south-based lender federal bank today said it is targeting a total business of rs 75,000 crore by end-this fiscal on the back of ...

the country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) is contemplating an extension in the special concession scheme for small ...

on the back of a good monsoon, the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has witnessed a two-fold increase ...

ahead of the reserve bank of india s (rbi) september 16 monetary review, investment bank nomura today said the central bank is ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is expected to hike repo rate by 25 basis points (bps) in the next credit policy, a top market ...

the reserve bank today it will soon set up a working group to examine the possibility of deregulation of interest rates on ...

the home-loan battle between state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, and housing development finance ...

robert diamond, the architect of barclays plc s investment banking expansion, was appointed chief executive officer and ...

government bank executives got a pleasant surprise today, which came from none other than the governor of reserve bank of india ...

blackstone, one of the largest private equity (pe) firms in the world, was averse to investing in the indian retail sector, said ...

after reining in unit-linked insurance plans (ulips) with new guidelines, the insurance regulatory and development authority ...

in a sign of growing interest of indian financial sector to expand abroad, 10 more indian lenders plan to set up base in united ...

banks in india will need about $100 billion (rs 5 lakh crore) of capital over the next decade as the system grows to meet credit ...

south-based public sector lender vijaya bank will concentrate on expanding its footprint in north india and over 75 per cent of ...

largest mortgage lender hdfc today launched controversial teaser rates for home loans in its new avatar, a day after country s ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee today asked banks to put in place systems and procedures with the view to becoming global ...

state bank of india (sbi) today said the banking sector is facing pressure on assets due to a sharp increase in defaults on ...

the strike call given by leading trade unions today affected banking services in the left-ruled states of west bengal, kerala and ...

public sector lender bank of baroda is targeting a 20-25 per cent deposit growth despite not doing well on this front in ...

private sector karur vysya bank today decided to raise its foreign investment cap from the current 24 per cent to 35 per cent, ...

private sector lender yes bank plans to raise over rs 1,500 crore in fy 11 for its expansion and has already mopped up over half ...

in a bid to give fillip to its rs 10,000 crore business target in gujarat circle, indian bank is planning to sign memorandums of ...

indian overseas bank (iob) plans to float a subsidiary, which will take care of its information technology business. the bank is ...

hdfc bank, india s second-largest private sector bank, on monday raised its benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) by 50 basis ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, may extend its teaser home loan scheme, though a final decision ...

issuances of certificates of deposit (cds) fell on monday because mutual funds preferred to remain on the sidelines on fear of ...

the state bank of india s (sbi s) officers will stay away from tomorrow s general strike, while most public ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today asked banks to submit their estimates for credit to be given to farmers under the interest ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has rejected an application by willis india insurance brokers (wiib) ...

the banking sector is most likely to escape the purview of class action suit provisions under the proposed companies bill, ...

india s banking industry will face two challenges--an economically viable solution for financial inclusion and human resources ...

spanish banking group santander is set to launch a recruitment drive that could see it hire 6,000 people over the next year or ...

country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) might continue with eight per cent concessional home loan rate even after ...

reserve bank of india said fraudulent and ficticious offers though e-mails, mobile phones and smss had increased significantly in ...

goldman sachs (india) finance ltd (gifl), a non-banking finance company (nbfc), plans to raise up to rs 1,000 crore through ...

banks could be excluded from class-action suits, which have been proposed under the new companies bill, 2009. the move will help ...

banking operations are expected to be hit on september 7, with the all-india bank employees association (aibea) joining the ...

in an irony of sorts, rbi gets to approve salaries of all the top-level bankers in the country, but the central bank s top ...

the longer maturity of government bonds -- over one-third of about rs 27 lakh crore of india s public debt is slated to mature ...

insurance watchdog irda will set up a centralised grievance redress mechanism to ensure that the problems of customers in the ...

goldman sachs group inc was disbanding its principal-strategies business, one of the groups that makes bets with the firm s ...

axis bank has sought an approval from bank of england to open a branch in london, executive director of the bank s k chakrabarti ...

l t infrastructure finance co ltd is eyeing a disbursal growth of 50 per cent during the current financial year, a company ...

after enduring the brunt of the economic downturn as a new entrant in the consumer banking space, barclays corporate, the ...

future generali india life insurance company ltd, a joint venture between future group and the italy-based generali group, would ...

indian bank has signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with unique identification authority of india (uidai), to act as ...

s raman, a banker for 36 years, has assumed charge as the new chairman managing director (cmd) of canara bank, ...

as part of its efforts to focus more on gujarat, bank of maharashtra plans to add 15 new branches in the state. the bank today ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh) has revised interest rates on non-resident external (nre) and foreign currency non-resident (fcnr) ...

coming down heavily on banks for not optimally leveraging technology, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said there was clear ...

keeping in view the larger interests of customers, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today asked banks to inform account holders on ...

the reserve bank of india deputy governor k c chakrabarty today asked bankers to bring down the cost of their services through ...

after declining for two consecutive weeks, the country s foreign exchange reserves grew by $293 million to $282.84 billion in the ...

after wooing the urban poor here with its one rupee bank account, state bank of india (sbi) is now aggressively targeting the ...

banking behemoth citigroup was keen to be a part of india s growth story and would continue to focus on microfinance and ...

royal bank of scotland (rbs) group, britain s biggest government-controlled bank, will eliminate 3,500 uk jobs and close 10 ...

china and india on thursday urged stability in major reserve currencies and in nations macro-economic policies to help ...

state bank of india on thursday opened an exclusive branch -- the first-of-its-kind in the country-- for the ultra high networth ...

the market saw fewer issuances of certificates of deposit (cds) on thursday as mutual funds preferred to remain on the sidelines ...

hsbc holdings, europe s biggest bank, and rivals including barclays and standard chartered might be forced to move their ...

national housing bank plans to introduce ratings for intermediaries involved in the housing finance market, chairman and managing ...

i met with an accident a year ago. my car, which was valued at rs 2.12 lakh, was repaired for rs 3.5 lakh, qualifying as a total ...

icici venture funds management company ltd, the private equity arm of private sector lender icici bank, plans to deploy its ...

india s insurance industry is set for a makeover as it seeks to survive and grow in a changed environment that dawned on ...

even as the reserve bank of india (rbi) has been tightening monetary policy to attack inflation, a study by the central bank says ...

kotak life insurance today launched two new unit-linked insurance plans (ulips) -- kotak secure invest insurance and kotak wealth ...

fraudulent home loan seekers and habitual defaulters will have a tough time now as lenders have a ready pool of information ...

state bank of india s branch here has broken even in just second year of its operations, defying speculations by some analysts ...

state-owned indian bank plans to sell assets worth rs 900 crore to an asset reconstruction company (arc). the bank said it would ...

growth of micro finance institutions (mfis) have witnessed a declining trend in the southern region of the country with emergence ...

the visakhapatnam division of life insurance corporation of india (lic) is expecting a 15 per cent growth in first premium ...

state bank of patiala, a public sector bank with headquarters in patiala, opened seven brick mortar branches in its ...

the appointment of a deputy governor to the country s central bank has always been surrounded by controversy. and this time ...

public sector insurance giant life insurance corporation (lic) is growing by almost 125 per cent in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand ...

issuances of short-term money market instruments rose on wednesday as mutual funds, the major investors in such papers, purchased ...

broking houses located in the north are gearing up to consolidate their presence in the existing market and cross state borders ...

emerging-market governments and companies almost doubled sales of dollar-denominated bonds in august from a year ago as costs to ...

choosing to grow predominantly through branches and automatic teller machines (atms), idbi bank on wednesday said it was not ...

in an effort to increase the share of low-cost deposits in the total resource base, idbi bank has waived charges on current ...

corelogic global services pvt ltd, a subsidiary us-based corelogic, has estimated that the retail real estate finance market in ...

jpmorgan chase co told traders who bet on commodities for the firm s account that their unit would be closed as the ...

a section of bank employees will go on strike on september 7 in protest against the disinvestment policy of the government and ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee today asked the insurance industry to head to the hinterland with products that are affordable ...

the government today appointed new chiefs for eight public sector banks, including canara bank, oriental bank of commerce and uco ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee today said the new guidelines for unit-linked insurance products (ulips) will boost investor ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today said the initial public float guidelines for the industry will be ...

the direct taxes code (dtc) may bring some change in the game for foreign companies as it proposes to reduce corporate tax rates. ...

the search committee to select a new deputy governor for the reserve bank of india (rbi) has decided to interview all seven ...

kkr india advisors private limited today appointed heramb hajarnavis as director. he will be based in mumbai. prior to joining ...

a rajagopal, the head of equity capital markets at ubs in mumbai, plans to join standard chartered bank as head of its equity ...

religare capital markets hired nalin nayyar, a managing director at citigroup, as head of investment banking for india as the ...

punjab national bank (pnb), the country s second largest nationalized bank, expects to form its fully owned subsidiary at ...

american international group (aig) inc s planned $2.15 billion sale of its taiwan life insurance unit was blocked by local ...

state-run national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard), which has launched project reposition by ...

ten-year bonds rose the most in more than three weeks, paring a monthly loss, on speculation investors will opt for the safety of ...

after six months of dilly-dallying, the government has settled for the list of eight public sector bank chiefs which was ...

the insurance development and regulatory authority s (irda) new guidelines protecting unit-linked insurance product (ulips) ...

buoyed by 28.4 per cent jump in net profit, punjab national bank (pnb), aims at raising deposits by 20 per cent during 2010-11 ...

after a gap of two years, mortgage leader hdfc today increased its retail prime lending rate (rplr) by 50 basis points to 14.25 ...

the public sector general insurer, the new india assurance company, has set a target to double its business from overseas in the ...

non-banking financial company (nbfc) magma fincorp s plans to foray into non-life insurance space may take longer than ...

once new regulations kick in from tomorrow, the biggest challenge for life insurance companies will be to cut costs to prop up ...

life insurers may have to postpone their public listing plans and take longer to break even than originally anticipated, as a ...

global investment bank, nomura, on monday announced the appointment of indraneil borkakoty as head of equity capital markets ...

financing of solar projects under the centre s ambitious national solar mission has hit a major roadblock as banks have ...

total loan outstanding of micro finance institutions are likely to be around rs 23,000 crore by the end of march 2011, a 78 per ...

state-run punjab sind bank may consider the participation of anchor investors for its initial public offer (ipo), through ...

the government may cut the size of a rights issue sought by the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), for ...

the yield on government bonds may soften on monday, reflecting rbi governor d subbarao s statement on the easing of ...

the total premium collection of both the life and property insurance industry is expected to exceed $11.2 billion by 2012-13, a ...

blackstone group lp is refunding some performance fees earned during the commercial real estate boom, the first time fund ...

some microfinance institutions (mfis) are adopting a monthly model of loan collection, matching the cash flows of their ...

insurance takeovers are headed for the biggest year since the peak of the last merger boom, as financial-services firms from bank ...

leading non banking finance company cholamandalam investment finance company signed a pact with ve commercial vehicles ltd ...

haseeb drabu on friday resigned as chairman of jammu kashmir bank, a year before his term was scheduled to end. appointed ...

kotak mahindra bank (kmb) on friday launched kotak nri credit card, specially designed for the bank s nri customers at ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor duvvuri subbarao today said that short-term growth could be sacrificed but if inflation was ...

unifi capital (p) ltd has launched the insider shadow fund with a corpus of rs 100 crore. this will be company s sixth ...

federal reserve chairman ben s bernanke said the us central bank will do all that it can to ensure a continuation ...

state bank of india will reschedule repayment of about rs 100 crore of short-term agriculture loan, in view of drought in west ...

the country s foreign exchange reserves declined for the second consecutive week, reaching $282.549 billion for the week ended ...

the government today said public sector banks wrote-off loans worth rs 10,966 crore from their books of accounts during the ...

kotak mahindra bank (kmb), one of india s leading private banks, strengthened its presence in the state of kerala with the ...

the next edition of consolidated fdi policy circular -- circular 2 of 2010 -- will be issued on september, 30, 2010, which ...

after 90 long years of banking, state bank of indore (also known as indore bank) has now merged into state bank of india today as ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked banks that while they should ensure opening of no-frill accounts by members of the ...

having already infused rs 90 crore, private insurer aegon religare life insurance (arli) would further infuse around rs 360 crore ...

state bank of mysore (sbm), the bangalore-based associate bank of state bank of india, today launched a crop loan scheme for ...

progress made by commercial banks on releasing funds for micro, small and medium enterprises (msmes) would be reviewed at a ...

icici bank on thursday said it had allotted its shares to the shareholders of bank of rajasthan (bor) following the amalgamation ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has imposed a penalty of rs 10 lakh each on bharti axa life insurance ...

unifi capital (p) ltd has launched insider shadow fund with a corpus of rs 100 crore. this will be the chennai-based fund ...

the moratorium period on most restructured loans will be completed by the next quarter and it remains to be seen if banks can ...

issuances of certificates of deposit (cds) rose on thursday because mutual funds and banks were keen on investing in short-term ...

sanjeev bajaj is rejoining credit suisse group ag from jm financial as head of fixed income in india, according to an internal ...

city-based indian bank has said it expects around 30-35 per cent growth in lending to small and medium enterprises (smes) during ...

with a view to fund solar power projects, bankers want the government to allow them to issue tax-free bonds, which work as stream ...

as many as 283 shareholders of the bank of rajasthan (bor), including one of its founding members, today moved the company law ...

amid concerns raised by the reserve bank of india (rbi) over its autonomy, the central bank has for the first time sought the ...

with india and china poised to over take us in the field of training more highly proficient computer scientists, a top us defence ...

icici bank today said it has alloted shares of the bank to shareholders of bank of rajasthan (bor) following the amalgamation of ...

irish bond yields jumped to the highest since may after standard poor s cut the country s credit rating one ...

the government is likely to appoint state bank of india as the clearing bank for the proposed goods and services tax (gst) and ...

the city-based shriram group has pulled out of the race to acquire citi financial india, a struggling non-banking finance company ...

following the hassle caused after four public sector non-life insurance companies withdrew cashless facility from certain ...

to compensate for the expected drop in sales of life insurance policies after the new guidelines on unit-linked insurance plans ...

the department of personnel and training (dopt) has expressed reservations on some appointments for top posts in public sector ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is set to have a new deputy governor in november, when the present term of usha thorat comes to ...

country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), on wednesday said it did not plan any hike in its lending or deposit ...

after completing the amalgamation of state bank of saurashtra and state bank of indore with itself, state bank of india (sbi) ...

state-run dena bank will cover 1,000 villages over the next few years as part of its financial inclusion programme. the bank said ...

data from rbi show that deposit mobilisation fell rs 8,016 crore in the fortnight to august 13 to a total outstanding of rs ...

indian bank has estimated its liability would go up by rs 1,000 crore, if the 50 per cent of employees, who earlier opted for ...

mutual funds (mfs) continued to invest in shorter-tenure papers on wednesday due to the surplus liquidity in their fixed maturity ...

ing life india, part of ing group today launched their new non linked and non participative child plan ing ...

private life insurer ing life india today said it would continue to focus on selling traditional products vis-a-vis unit linked ...

bhp billiton ltd s loan to buy potash corp of saskatchewan inc has pushed lending to commodity firms to $128 billion this ...

last week, tata aig general insurance launched a jewellery and valuables insurance cover for high net worth individuals a ...

goldman sachs group inc, the bank with the biggest trading profits on wall street, is losing market share underwriting corporate ...

private sector lender ing vysya bank today increased lending rate by 50 basis points while hiked deposit rates by up to 1.75 per ...

state bank of india (sbi) chairman o p bhatt today said as a result of the base rate regime, some corporate clients who borrow ...

as part of its efforts to increase its rural business, money transfer services leader western union has roped in leading ...

leading private insurer birla sun life today launched two variants of its recently launched savings plan, offering 20 per cent ...

helping policy holders caught in the fight between insurers and hospitals, regulator irda today said companies will have to ...

back-tracking from releasing the sanctioned loan to consumer by a bank amounts to unfair trade practice, a consumer court has ...

for the first time since a financial stability and development council (fsdc) was proposed by the government, the reserve bank of ...

china railway group ltd, the world s second-largest publicly traded heavy construction company, said it is in talks with ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has asked insurers to issue show cause notices to and abstain from ...

my entire staff is looking forward to a holiday, says j hari narayan, chairman, insurance development and ...

sounding a note of caution on inflation, the reserve bank of india said high and generalised inflation has persisted this year ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) income for 2009-10 fell 45.85 per cent to rs 32,884.14 crore, from rs 60,731.98 ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on tuesday said the supervisory regime of non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) needed to be ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on tuesday said there was a possibility of return of another phase of capital inflows, indicating ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked commercial banks to carefully assess risks of unhedged foreign currency exposure of ...

shares of the three associate banks of state bank of india (sbi) state bank of mysore, state bank of bikaner jaipur ...

you can take an indian out of india, but can t take india or, cricket for that matter out of an indian, as ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) plans to review the guidelines for issuing commercial papers (cps). cp issuances are expected to ...

intel capital, the venture capital (vc) arm of global chipmaker intel, is focusing on investing in services firms that can cater ...

all branches of state bank of indore will function as branches of state bank of india from august 27, 2010. customers, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said non-repayment of loans, restructured for some sectors of the economy due to global ...

the pension fund regulatory and development authority (pfrda) has set up a committee headed by former sebi chairman g n bajpai to ...

idbi fortis life insurance has changed its name to idbi federal life insurance co, following rechristening of its foreign partner ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today expressed concern over rise in asset prices, but said it will have limited implication for ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said india s economic recovery is robust even as it expressed concern over the ...

the only unlisted state-owned lender punjab sind bank is likely to file draft prospectus with sebi by the end of this month ...

insurance regulatory and development authority of india (irda) has asked insurance companies not to do business with 884 ...

the rupee today weakened by 11 paise to rs 46.75 a dollar at the interbank foreign exchange market in early trade due to ...

state-run dena bank plans to enter the syndication business. for this, the bank has set up a team in mumbai and fixed a revenue ...

indian bank plans to raise around rs 1,000 crore in december 2010. the proposed fund raising would help the bank to increase its ...

the federal reserve plans to cut american international group s credit line by about $3.6 billion in a sign of confidence ...

if you are planning to buy a term insurance policy, consider buying one online. close on the heels of aegon religare life ...

the shares of three associate banks of state bank of india (sbi) hit their upper limit of 20 per cent today on news about rights ...

public sector andhra bank is going ahead with its plans to financially include 1144 villages in different states including orissa ...

when most commercial banks and big micro finance (mf) institutions are reluctant to enter into mf business in north-east, a local ...

germany-based deutsche bank has set a target to grow by 30 per cent in india. the bank, which mainly focuses on deposits and ...

venture capital firm sequoia capital, is planning to invest around rs 165 crore in chennai-based country s first standalone ...

royal bank of scotland (rbs) group is selling its fifth series of uk structured notes with returns based on proprietary indices, ...

crucial changes to the foreign direct investment (fdi) policy announced by the ministry of commerce industry on march 31 ...

karur-headquartered lakshmi vilas bank (lvb) on monday said it planned to launch a housing finance subsidiary (hfc) to grow its ...

the amount of money flowing into bond funds is poised to exceed the cash that went into stock funds during the internet bubble, ...

hospital chain fortis healthcare, which reportedly plans to foray into insurance business, today said indian insurance products ...

state bank of india (sbi) said it is yet to make any headway in its investigations into five cases of fraudulent atm withdrawals ...

financial institution industrial finance corporation of india (ifci) today launched its first ever series of tax-free ...

state bank of bikaner and jaipur (sbbj), the largest associate bank of the sbi group, today raised its lending rate by 50 basis ...

the employees of public sector general insurance companies and life insurance corporation (lic) are set to get a 17.5 per cent ...

government-owned punjab sind bank is planning to raise rs 500-600 crore through an initial public offer (ipo) by diluting ...

banks will soon have greater choice in selecting their source of information as more credit bureaus seek a share of the growing ...

enthused by impressive first quarter numbers, state bank of india (sbi) is hopeful of earning a net profit of over rs 10,000 ...

facing flak from india and others for acting as a safe haven to foreigners stowing away wealth, swiss banks have said they will ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) will take a common stand along with other regulators on the issue of ...

state-owned general insurance companies are planning to introduce health insurance products, designed to suit the need of ...

breaking a nine-week streak of net accretion, india s foreign exchange reserves fell $ 4.57 billion in the week ended ...

a suggestion by the reserve bank of india (rbi) that foreign shareholding in new private sector banks be capped at 50 per cent ...

m anandan, former managing director of cholamandalam dbs finance, has floated a new housing finance company called aptus value ...

the cumulative financial assistance to uttar pradesh (up) by the central finance agency, national bank for agriculture and rural ...

hospitals and state-owned insurers will take a few more days to reach a deal on resuming cashless mediclaims in all city ...

country s foreign exchange reserves declined by $4.56 billion to $282.79 billion for the week ended august 13, as against $287.35 ...

how about your fixed deposits being flexible soon this could be possible, as the country s biggest lender state bank of india ...

the government is streamlining the process of appointment of independent directors in public sector undertakings (psus), a ...

imagine a scenario in which the project of an executive mba study group turns into a thriving business for one of its members. ...

a report by parliament s standing committee on science and technology has noted that the higher the liability limit in the ...

india s second-largest microfinance company spandana sphoorty financial was likely to hire morgan stanley, citigroup inc ...

mastercard inc, the world s second- biggest payments network, agreed to buy datacash group plc for about 333 million ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) monetary policy was moving in the right direction to curb inflationary pressures ...

top global indians are hot news across the world. vikram pandit, the chief executive of citigroup inc, indira nooyi chief ...

the private sector hospitals and psu insurers are likely to arrive at an interim settlement on restoration of cashless treatment ...

following the larger players, thrissur-based private sector lender dhanlaxmi bank today announced a 25-75 basis points hike in ...

germany-based deutsche bank has set a 30 per cent growth target for its india business. the bank, which has mainly focused on ...

the supreme court on wednesday declined to pass any direction to the government or the public sector banks to recover the huge ...

with a rising proportion of non-performing assets (npas) in education loans, banks have approached the government, seeking ...

the mdrt includes agents who have done insurance business of more than $one million in a year. less than one per cent of the ...

the steady cash flows from infrastructure projects like roads, helped companies that rent out construction equipment (ce), to ...

deutsche bank ag hired ajay kapur to head its new asian equity strategy team, which will include two of his former colleagues ...

i have an ongoing unit-linked insurance plan (ulip). i want to enhance my cover. my insurance company does offer additional life ...

the jaipur stock exchange (jse) suspended on wednesday trading in shares of bank of rajasthan (bor), with immediate effect, for ...

andhra pradesh state co-operative bank limited (apcob) registered over two-fold increase in net profit to rs 137 crore for the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may go for further hike in policy rates in its mid-quarter review next month as part of its ...

south-based karur vysya bank (kvb) today said it will be applying for 100 new branches in the next fiscal to meet its total ...

anil ambani group s life insurance venture reliance life has registered a 33 per cent rise in its total premium income to rs ...

bank of baroda (bob) has signed a memorandum of cooperation with the dubai multi commodities centre authority (dmcc), a free zone ...

the dhanlaxmi bank has set a target of rs 28,000 crore in total business for the next 12-month period, double the current level ...

the shares of financial services firm india infoline rose more than seven per cent on tuesday on market buzz that the promoters ...

with speculation reviving over who will succeed josef ackermann as chief executive officer of deutsche bank ag, the company will ...

syndicate bank, the manipal-headquartered public sector lender, has introduced special rate of interest on fresh home loans. for ...

venture capital (vc) firm sequoia capital, which on tuesday announced an investment of rs 60 crore in quick heal technologies, a ...

hdfc standard life on tuesday announced that it had ended the first quarter with a reported loss of rs 75.1 crore ...

bank of maharashtra (bom) may miss its september 2010 deadline to comply with the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) ...

banks had to keep track of the asset-liability mismatches arising on account of infrastructure financing, while appraisal and ...

the finance ministry has asked government banks to shift to a system where non-performing assets (npas) are identified by ...

dutch insurer aegon today said it will repay the remaining euro 2 billion of the euro 3 billion aid it had received from the ...

government bond prices dropped on heavy selling pressure from banks and corporates and call rates also finished lower at 5.65 per ...

leading private life insurer hdfc standard life today reported 63 per cent growth in first-year premium collection at rs 692.7 ...

british banking major barclays has agreed to pay $298 million (190 million pounds) to us authorities to settle investigations ...

private sector lender kotak mahindra bank today announced an across-the-board upward revision of its lending rates by 0.25 per ...

financial technologies group s singapore mercantile exchange today said it will start trading from august 31, 2010, launching ...

punjab sind bank (psb) has received fresh approval from the government for its initial public offering (ipo), a senior bank ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) must be watchful of possible conflict of interest and related-party lending while giving bank ...

private sector lender yes bank on monday said it had raised rs 665 crore of capital through two bond issues. the bank raised rs ...

state bank of india s (sbi) latest offering to link deposit rates with base rate is being viewed as a ...

wall street banks led by jpmorgan chase co and morgan stanley stand to make a combined $120 million on general motors ...

t o enhance transparency in unit-linked insurance products (ulips) and protect the interest of policyholders, the insurance ...

after setting stiff norms for unit-linked insurance plans (ulips), the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, announced sharp increases by up to 150 basis points ...

icici bank today raised its benchmark prime lending rate (plr) by 50 basis points to 16.25 per cent, making home, auto and ...

the regulator insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today asked the insurance companies not to provide ...

this amounted to a record 200 per cent growth over the previous year and both the banks registered 100 per cent utilisation, k c ...

in a major fillip to the success of infrastructure bonds, the government has decided to exempt them from getting the credit ...

the reserve bank of india has said it will address the concerns that banks have on the recent directive on sale of bonds in the ...

citigroup inc, deutsche bank, merrill lynch and hsbc are among those planning to expand their private banking teams this year, ...

indian bank, which entered its 104th year of operations on august 15th, is planning to open 190 branches and 250 atms during the ...

life insurance companies are likely to reduce premium on their products after an updated mortality table comes into force, which ...

national bankers body, iba, today said interest rates have to go up sooner than later as there is a decline in the growth of ...

idbi bank paid a dividend of rs 3 per share (30 per cent dividend on the face value of rs 10) for the financial year ended march ...

the government has invited applications for the post of chairman and managing director (cmd) of small industries development bank ...

the reserve bank s proposal to cap foreign investment in new banks below 50 per cent is aimed at maintaining the diversity of the ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india, will decide on hiking interest rates by at least 25 basis points in a couple ...

the four state-owned general insurers will set up a common third party administrator (tpa) as a joint venture to manage health ...

anil ambani group s life insurance venture reliance life has sold the highest number of policies among private players in the ...

state bank of india (sbi) chairman om prakash bhatt does not seem unduly worried about accretion of bad debt. for him, the ...

even as public sector banks have started increasing prime lending rates (plr), finance minister pranab mukherjee today said the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today indicated that it was not in favour of providing a special dispensation for restructuring ...

a lone dissenter on the federal reserve s policy-making committee warned friday that the central bank s monetary ...

rsa insurance group plc, the uk s biggest non-life insurer, made a 5 billion-pound ($7.8 billion) bid for aviva plc s ...

in a move that will affect several top business houses, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today introduced minimum capital adequacy ...

the economic recovery almost two years after the manifestation of global crisis has been uneven and the outlook for the global ...

listing plans of life insurance companies may take longer, with the delay in raising the foreign direct investment (fdi) cap to ...

the country s foreign exchange reserves went up by $3.17 billion the biggest increase in six weeks to reach ...

bank of rajasthan (bor) shares rose to their highest level since november 1995, a day after the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said persons charged with violation of the foreign exchange management act (fema) should ...

despite uncertainty in the regulatory environment that shrouded unit-linked insurance policies (ulips), life insurance companies ...

private sector lender hdfc bank is likely to raise interest rates on auto loans by 0.50 per cent in the next 7-10 days, a senior ...

one of the most recognisable faces in the country s financial services sector, naina lal kidwai is one of the few women to ...

breaking its silence over debt recast for the airline industry, state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, today said interest rates were headed upwards and it would soon ...

state bank of india (sbi) on thursday said consolidated net profit for the group went up by 21.99 per cent to rs 3,356.26 crore ...

loans to infrastructure segments like power, telecom, roads and ports led the growth in bank credit in 2009-10, when the indian ...

the life insurance agents federation of india (liafi), which has 1,000 branch associations affiliated to it, on thursday ...

with parliament on thursday passing an enabling bill for reduction of government stake in the country s largest lender, ...

prudential plc, the uk insurer that failed to buy aia group earlier this year, said it won t make another bid for the ...

switzerland-based lender credit suisse today announced that it had received a licence from the reserve bank of india (rbi) to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday said it had approved the proposed merger between icici bank and bank of rajasthan ...

citigroup, 18 per cent owned by the us government, is testing a website to let millionaires children manage their ...

public sector lender bank of india (boi) today said its board has approved raising up to rs 10,286 crore through tier-i and ...

stock of state bank of india, the country s largest bank, today touched its 52 week high at rs 2,692 after it announced that it ...

leading corporate hospitals, which are out of the preferred provider network (ppn) of public sector health insurance firms, will ...

finance companies say they are relieved at the capital requirement proposed for a new banking licence in the discussion paper put ...

considering the low progress of debt swap scheme in punjab and to rescue farmers from the clutches of moneylenders who charge ...

the reserve bank of india is considering a 50 per cent cap on foreign investment in new banks with a 10-year lock-in and keeping ...

rbi is candid in its intention of using more licences to deepen financial inclusion, and also increasing competition. the vision ...

yes bank is planing to buy one per cent in the united stock exchange (use), which plans to go live with currency trading this ...

bank of england governor mervyn king said inflation will probably slow below the bank s target in 2012 and growth will be ...

the fact that the central bank has started exploring the possibility of allowing industrial houses for banking activities has ...

shares of select non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) rose between two to four per cent on wednesday, after the reserve bank ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said credit offtake from banks grew by 19.73 per cent during the one-year period ended july ...

the country witnessed an almost 16 per cent jump in transactions carried out by means of credit cards during the first three ...

the reserve bank today suggested lowering the foreign investment limit in new private sector banks to below 50 per cent from 74 ...

state-owned lender punjab sind bank today announced an increase in interest rates on fixed deposits (fds) of different ...

the rbi today said it is mulling granting banking licence to a limited number of new private players and invited ...

in the past few days, the media has been quite active on the subject of cashless facilities provided by hospitals. there have ...

china s banking regulator ordered banks to transfer off-balance sheet loans onto their books and make provisions for those ...

mangalore-head quartered private sector lender, karnataka bank limited, has raised its prime lending rate (plr) by 25 basis ...

union bank of india (ubi) is planning to create a loan corpus of rs 500 crore for farmers in andhra pradesh. besides, as part of ...

with shipping channels at jawaharlal nehru port trust remaining closed for the third day, public sector insurer united india ...

the government has decided to go ahead with the appointment of a consultant to suggest ways to revamp ifci despite opposition ...

property and infrastructure funds are increasingly seeing a change of guard as deal flow improves in the two sectors after 18 ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today came out strongly against banks using securitisation, a system under which loans are sold ...

home, auto and education loans from a host of banks have become costlier for existing borrowers by up to 75 basis points, after ...

public sector lender allahabad bank today hiked its prime lending rate (plr) by up to 50 basis points to 12.50 per cent in ...

net profit of kolkata-based srei infrastructure finance rose 20 per cent to rs 46.65 crore for the first quarter ended june, ...

hsbc on monday announced that the country head for india, naina lal kidwai, would be joining its asia-pacific board. kidwai will ...

reliance capital posted a 49 per cent drop in the profit after tax to rs 77 crore for the quarter ended june, as against rs 151 ...

icici lombard general insurance co, india s biggest private sector non-life insurance company, reported a 13 per cent drop ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) will shortly come out with guidelines pertaining to administration of ...

life insurance companies are going to see a squeeze in margins and profitability, given the prescribed structural changes to be ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today allowed non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) to trade in currency futures, giving them the ...

bailed out mortgage lender freddie mac today reported a massive rise in its losses to $6 billion in the three months ended june ...

providing relief to foreign entities having branch or liaison offices in india, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today changed the ...

state-owned oriental bank of commerce today announced an increase of 50 basis points in its benchmark lending rate and up to ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today said profitability of insurance companies will be impacted with ...

with the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) assurance on steps to manage inflation, the yield on government bonds is ...

indian banks have asked the reserve bank of india to permit them to trade in gold in the domestic market and even hedge their ...

sbi capital markets ltd, the investment advisory arm of state bank of india, is planning to float a dedicated small and medium ...

the centre is likely to up its stake in nabard to up to 99 per cent by acquiring the reserve bank s stake for rs 1,450 crore in ...

leading industrialists and bankers today met at the icici bank headquarters in mumbai to prepare a road map for financial ...

if inflation levels do not come down in the next four weeks, the reserve bank of india (rbi) may go for a rate hike in its ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has slapped a rs 10 lakh fine on private sector life insurer sbi life ...

life insurance corporation (lic) recorded a 10.99 per cent rise in valuation surplus to rs 23,478 crore in 2009-10 as compared to ...

new delhi-based finance company ifci ltd s stock today fell 5.5 per cent to rs 59 on the bombay stock exchange (bse). the ...

royal bank of scotland group, britain s biggest government-owned lender, swung into profit for the first time since 2007 as ...

the foreign exchange reserves grew by a healthy $1.25 billion to $284.18 billion for the week ended july 30, helped by a robust ...

slumping into the red, american international group (aig) has posted a second quarter loss of $2.7 billion, due to a massive ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) should give new banking licences to domestic corporates in order to achieve the government s ...

in see-saw trade, the indian rupee today appreciated by a modest four paise to nearly a one-and- a-half-month high of 46.15 16 ...

the government today said the banking ombudsman has received several complaints against private sector lenders including hdfc ...

south india-based karur vysya bank ltd is targetting 26 per cent annual profit growth by adding new branches to create a ...

bank of baroda has decided to increase its benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) by 50 basis points from existing 12 per cent per ...

the erode district central cooperative bank ltd has earned a profit of rs 13.25 crore for 2009-2010 against rs 12.05 crore made ...

in a sign that state-owned insurance companies are now gearing up to enhance their presence overseas through the inorganic route, ...

international finance corporation (ifc), part of world bank, plans to take 20 per cent stake in ananya finance for inclusive ...

buoyed by improving economic environment and higher investment flows, private equity (pe) companies are increasing their exposure ...

the banking sector seems to be gaining momentum, if the april-june quarter net interest income (nii) and net profit numbers of 39 ...

the delays that characterised appointment of public sector banks chiefs are back. reason changes in rules proposed by the ...

the bank of england kept its bond-stimulus plan in place and left its benchmark interest rate at a record low as officials ...

allahabad bank is planning to expand its international operations by setting up new offices in china and bangladesh. it would ...

a day after the storm, it was apparently business as usual for reserve bank of india deputy governor k c chakrabarty. the man, ...

embattled commonwealth games (cwg) organising committee chairman suresh kalmadi has set the ball rolling on seeking insurance ...

china s banking regulator told lenders last month to conduct a new round of stress tests to gauge the impact of residential ...

the andhra pradesh regional office of the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) on wednesday signed a ...

union bank of india, a state-owned lender, plans to sell five and a half-year dollar bonds at a spread of about 315 basis points ...

within months of implementing variable pay, idbi bank has decided to review the system, which has faced flak from its employees ...

the foreign exchange reserves went up by 10.75 per cent during the last fiscal to stand at $279.1 billion due to the valuation ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today proposed that commercial banks, primary dealers and nbfcs should be allowed to engage in ...

public sector lender idbi bank today increased its lending rate by 0.50 per cent besides raising the deposit rates by up to 0.75 ...

private lender axis bank s travel currency card programme in a tie-up with visa has become the first card in the country to touch ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has shuffled the portfolios of its top-level functionaries, reducing the responsibilities of ...

british banking giant standard chartered s indian operations registered a healthy 19 per cent rise in pre-tax profit in the first ...

bharti axa general insurance company (bagicl), the joint venture project of bharti enterprises and global axa group, today said ...

the lok sabha today adopted a compromise resolution asking government to contain inflation at the end of a fiery debate on price ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has reallocated the portfolios of deputy governors, moving a major chunk of the responsibility to ...

the life insurance industry is caught in a web of uncertainty. while the regulator, the insurance development and regulatory ...

indian bank has signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with unique identification authority of india (uidai) to act as ...

students going abroad for studies need to have an insurance cover. and the good news is that purchasing the cover in india, if ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee will review the performance of state-run banks for financial year ended march 31 at a meeting ...

union bank of india would raise at least $300 million (rs 1,385.1 crore) through 66-month bonds later today, an official at the ...

tata capital, the non-banking finance arm of the tata group, today announced it was going to partner with tokyo-based mizuho ...

idbi bank, which raised $350 million (rs 1,615.95 crore) selling overseas bonds, planned to raise another $350 million in bond ...

with an aim to strengthen its banking network, hdfc bank ltd is planning to open 250 new branches across the country in the next ...

after acquiring the reserve bank of india s (rbi) stake in state bank of india, the government plans to pick up the central ...

the state-owned lender idbi bank today said it will mobilise $1 billion from foreign markets by the end of the fiscal as the ...

the reserve bank of india has approved the appointment of shyam srinivasan as the new managing director and ceo of the ...

international finance corporation (ifc), a member of the world bank group, will provide trade financing of up to $25 million ...

the controversy over regulation of unit-linked insurance plans (ulips) has had little impact on the private life insurance ...

financial year 2010 was a mixed bag for foreign banks in india. while a few returned to the growth path, most continued to deal ...

andhra pradesh has benefitted the most from the business correspondence model floated by the centre as part of its ...

after punjab national bank (pnb) and union bank of india, mangalore-based corporation bank today hiked its prime lending rate by ...

i need advice for my sister. she is physically challenged due to spinal muscular atrophy. this has slowed down her leg and hand ...

reading any statement whether of a bank, a mutual fund or a unit-linked insurance plan (ulip) can be a nightmare. ...

banks in europe s most indebted nations need to refinance $122 billion of bonds this year, likely paying high interest ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is looking at the possibility of appointing corporates and non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) ...

the rupee appreciated by 24 paise to 46.16 a $ in early trade on dollar sell-off by banks and exporters, and fresh foreign fund ...

union bank of india, the mumbai-based public sector lender, plans to set up a banking subsidiary in britain as part of plans to ...

bank loans to the sensitive sectors of real estate and capital markets rose in 2009-10 at the slowest pace in at ...

the reserve bank may go for further tightening of interest rates during this fiscal as part of efforts to tame inflationary ...

icici bank today announced major changes in its management structure. sandeep bakshi, deputy managing director (corporate ...

private sector lender j k bank today reported a growth of 23 per cent in net profit at rs 145.4 crore for the quarter ended ...

indian overseas bank (iob) today reported a decline in net profit for quarter ended june 30 to rs 200.44 crore, as against rs ...

syndicate bank, the manipal-headquartered public sector lender, today said its net profit remained flat at rs 265 crore for the ...

after a decline in profit for three successive quarters, state-owned bank of india (boi) has reported a 24 per cent increase in ...

icici bank, the country s largest private sector lender, reported a 5.4 per cent increase in consolidated net profit at rs ...

india s second-largest lender, icici bank, today hiked deposit rates across various maturities by up to 0.75 per cent with ...

public sector dena bank today said that it has lowered interest rates on its non-resident external (nre) and foreign currency ...

private sector lender city union bank reported first quarter net profit at rs 44.4 crore, up 41 per cent from rs 31.5 crore in ...

the bank has increased deposit rates by 0.25-1 per cent across maturities. it has also upped the benchmark prime lending rates ...

in an indication that lending rates are set to go up, punjab national bank (pnb) today increased its benchmark prime lending rate ...

federal bank has earned a net profit of rs 131.86 crore in the first quarter of the current financial year as against rs 136.38 ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on friday imposed a penalty of rs 5 lakh each on icici bank and standard chartered bank for ...

v vaidyanathan, managing director and chief executive officer of icici prudential life insurance, has resigned and will move to a ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has come down heavily on banks for treating returns from liquid mutual fund (mf) investments as ...

signaling easing of pressure on resources, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it would discontinue the second liquidity ...

the battle for deposits looks set to intensify with bank of baroda, kotak mahindra and syndicate bank increasing interest rates ...

the four state-owned non-life insurance companies have agreed to restore the cashless mediclaim facility in another 30 days by ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today partially discontinued special window to give extra cash to the banks, which was provided ...

it had a net profit of rs 40.06 crore during the corresponding quarter of the previous fiscal, karnataka bank ltd said in a ...

country s foreign exchange reserves grew $1.037 billion to $282.9 billion for the week ended july 23, from $281.9 billion in the ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today said that it will soon come out with draft norms that define ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today imposed a penalty of rs 5 lakh on private sector lender icici bank for violating know-your ...

credit ratings agency moody s today assigned a stable outlook rating to state sector lender idbi bank s us dollar denominated ...

a host of private and state-owned banks like union bank of india, bank of india and axis bank are likely to up their deposit ...

this is the third time this year that sec has slapped charges against a wall street major, mainly related to the financial ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today said it would finalise guidelines for public offer by ...

the new rates would offer 7.50 per cent interest on deposits between one year and 3 years against 7.25 per cent. senior citizens ...

the indian rupee depreciated by 7 paise to 46.60 a dollar in early trade at the interbank foreign exchange market today, largely ...

central bank mandarins are almost always taciturn, mostly withdrawn, reticent, and at worst, measured with what they speak, as ...

in view of the high rates of interest charged by micro-finance institutions (mfis), the national bank for agriculture and rural ...

idbi bank ltd was seeking to raise $500 million selling bonds overseas, said officials, who declined to be identified as ...

muthoot finance on thursday said it had raised rs 157 crore from private equity firms baring private equity partners ...

punjab national bank (pnb), the country s second-largest public sector lender, will decide on raising deposit rates in the ...

dewan housing finance corporation (dhfl) reported a 64 per cent rise in net profit at rs 51.24 crore for the quarter ended june ...

bank of maharashtra today reported a growth of 16.34 per cent in net profit of rs 118.43 crore for the quarter ended june 30, ...

state-owned andhra bank posted a 25.04 per cent rise in net profit to rs 320.4 crore for quarter ended june 30, compared with rs ...

state-owned oriental bank of commerce on thursday reported 41 per cent growth in net profit at rs 363 crore for the first quarter ...

state-run central bank of india on thursday posted a 26 per cent jump in its net profit for the quarter ended june 30 to rs 337 ...

private sector lender axis bank is likely to raise deposit rates shortly, after reserve bank of india raised key rates yesterday. ...

state-run central bank of india today posted a 26 per cent jump in its net profit at rs 337 crore for the quarter ended june 30, ...

hyderabad-headquartered andhra bank has registered a net profit of rs 320.41 crore for the first quarter of the 2010-11 fiscal, ...

it had posted a net profit of rs 257.41 crore for the first quarter of the previous fiscal, oriental bank of commerce said in ...

icici bank has joined the united stock exchange (use) shareholder base by acquiring a 1.33 per cent stake. the bank is a major ...

cholamandalam investment and finance company plans to raise around rs 250 crore through qualified institutional placement (qip) ...

healthy growth in net interest income (nii) and fee income helped government-owned corporation bank report a 27.76 per cent ...

the banking sector in karnataka has disbursed rs 31,020 crore under priority sector during 2009-10 as against the projection of ...

the life insurance industry has gained from the uncertainty over regulation of unit-linked insurance plans (ulips), the ...

the entire undertaking of state bank of indore shall be transfered to and vested in state bank of india from august 26, sbi ...

credit growth of banks stood at 21.26 per cent during the one-year period ended july 16, up from 14.70 per cent a year ago, the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said that it expects the tight money supply condition, created by the huge outgo towards ...

a day after reserve bank of india (rbi) tightened the monetary policy, leading private sector lender hdfc bank decided to raise ...

with economic recovery firmly under way, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has trained its guns on containing inflation and ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) opened its customer zone nicknamed as c-zee in the city on saturday. the customer ...

private sector lender kotak mahindra bank today said that its shareholders have approved the selling of 4.5 per cent stake to ...

the dewan housing finance corporation (dhfl) today reported an around 64 per cent rise in profit after tax (pat) at rs 51.24 ...

leading bankers today ruled out any rise in the interest rate regime in the second quarter despite the increased pressure on the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it will come up with a discussion paper on granting banking licence to private sector ...

global financial major deutsche bank has reported a nine per cent growth in net profit at 1.2 billion euros ($1.55 billion) for ...

swiss banking major ubs today posted a net profit of 2 billion swiss francs for the quarter ended june on the back of an improved ...

the rupee rose on tuesday, towards a more than 1-week high touched in the previous session, as mild gains in local shares and the ...

reflecting the strong growth in demand for credit from the commercial sector, fund flow to the sector increased three-fold in the ...

professional forecasters raised their growth estimate in the year to march 2011 to 8.4 per cent from the 8.2 per cent they had ...

the reserve bank of india today indicated that the trend of rising interest rates would continue until inflation and inflationary ...

indiabulls financial services on monday reported an 82.7 per cent growth in net profit to rs 131.49 crore in the quarter ended ...

public sector dena bank on monday reported a 20.67 per cent increase in net profit for quarter ended june 30 to rs 138.79 crore ...

public sector lender union bank of india on monday posted a 36 per cent growth in net profit to rs 601 crore in quarter ended ...

the rapid rise in housing prices could spike general price levels and pose a danger to financial stability, the reserve bank of ...

the grip of insurance giant life insurance corporation s (lic) on the market only got cemented this quarter further with the ...

the possibility of the reserve bank of india (rbi) hiking key rates will lead to increase in lending rates, a union bank s ...

hinting at a hike in its key rates tomorrow, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it would continue exiting from its easy ...

the reserve bank is likely to increase key policy rates by at least 25 basis points in its first quarterly review of the monetary ...

city-based dena bank today reported a net profit of rs 138.79 crore, an increase of 20.66 per cent for the quarter ended june 30, ...

public sector lender union bank of india today reported a growth of 36.01 per cent in net profit for the first quarter ended june ...

the indian rupee gained 3 paise to 46.90 against the us dollar in early trade today on the interbank foreign exchange, largely on ...

chinese banks may struggle to recoup about 23 per cent of the $1.1 trillion they ve lent to finance local government ...

public-sector lender indian bank has reported a growth of 11 per cent at rs 368.15 crore in net profit for the first quarter, ...

manappuram general finance and leasing ltd (mgfl), a kerala-based non-banking finance company which mainly focuses on gold loans, ...

the rbi monetary policy review and reliance results will set the tone for the dalal street this week, analysts said, while ...

punjab national bank (pnb) has set a target of rs 5,250-crore business in its orissa circle during the current financial year. ...

indian bank, the chennai-based public sector bank, is planning to restructure its subsidiaries by bringing in strategic partners ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may increase its key rates for a fourth time this year to contain inflation and ensure the ...

citigroup, bank of america and 15 other bailed-out financial services companies overpaid their top executives by $1.6 billion ...

mahindra finance, the financial services arm of auto major mahindra and mahindra, today said it expects regulatory approval for ...

faced with the menace of double-digit headline inflation, the reserve bank is likely to increase key policy rates by at least 25 ...

fears of another round of hikes in rbi s policy rates and rising borrowing costs have shaken the confidence of the industry, ...

disagreeing with the reserve bank, interim pension watchdog pfrda today said that the autonomy of the regulators will not be ...

lower interest outflow helped kolkata-based united bank of india (ubi) post a 53.50 per cent rise in net profit for the quarter ...

indian bank on friday reported an 11 per cent rise in net profit to rs 368.15 crore for the first quarter ended june 30 ...

public sector lender united bank of india today reported a jump of 53.49 per cent in its net profit for the first quarter ended ...

it had a net profit of rs 331.66 crore during the corresponding quarter of the last fiscal, indian bank said in a filing to the ...

ahead of tuesday s first quarter review of the annual policy statement, the reserve bank of india governor today met ...

sun life financial s president, jon boscia, sees asia as the growth opportunity over the next half century and expects it ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh) posted an 82.55 per cent rise in net profit to rs 201.24 crore for the quarter ended june 30, 2010, ...

punjab national bank has set up a committee to evaluate the prospects of entering the life insurance business after its earlier ...

this was in contrast to rs 178.85 crore during the corresponding quarter of the last fiscal, uco bank said in a filing to the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday further relaxed norms governing external commercial borrowings (ecbs) for ...

banks in india continue to witness good demand for loans on demand for funds for large scale investment in infrastructure ...

private-sector lender, ing vysya bank has posted 15 per cent rise in its net profit to rs 69. 1 crore in the first quarter ended ...

bangalore-headquartered public sector vijaya bank has posted a 21 per cent rise in net profit to rs 173 crore for the quarter ...

sharp rise in net interest income, helped idbi bank to post 46 per cent rise in its net profit for first quarter ended june at rs ...

punjab national bank (pnb), the country s second-largest public sector lender, on thursday reported a 28.4 per cent rise in ...

the state-run idbi bank today said it will merge its pune-based wholly-owned home-loan subsidiary idbi homefinance with itself to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today reduced the duration of trading in the government securities market by half-an-hour. the ...

we expect total business to cross rs 75,000 crore in the fiscal, federal bank managing director m venugopalan said ...

in a boost for the infrastructure sector, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today allowed companies engaged in the roads, ports and ...

union bank of india chairman and managing director m v nair today said there is a strong possibility of the reserve bank of india ...

government-owned united bank of india (ubi) has paid rs 53.29 crore as dividend for the year 2009-10 to the government of india, ...

karur vysya bank limited (kvb) registered a 20.09 per cent growth in net profit to rs 84.48 crore for the first quarter ended ...

credila financial services, the educational loan unit of housing development finance corporation (hdfc), hopes to grow its loan ...

bajaj finserv posted a net profit of rs 66 crore for the quarter ended june 30, a growth of 57.14 per cent, riding on the back of ...

robust growth in advances and reduction in provisions have helped kotak mahindra bank post a 27 per cent rise in its consolidated ...

while india has in no way contributed to global financial imbalances, it has a huge stake in the process of unwinding of these ...

state-owned idbi bank will seek the approval of its shareholders for rs 3,119.04-crore capital infusion by the government in its ...

private sector lender yes bank plans to raise rs 1,500 crore of debt in the current fiscal, which will help the lender fuel its ...

sks microfinance s initial public offering (ipo) of 16.8 million equity shares would open on july 28, company officials ...

the government has proposed a new regulatory architecture for large financial institutions, by establishing a college of ...

food processing and agri-based companies seem to have caught the attention of private equity (pe) investors, if the recent ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor k c chakrabarty on tuesday hinted the central bank might not hike the cash reserve ...

private equity (pe) and venture capital (vc) investment are projected to reach $17 billion (rs 80,000 crore) in india this year, ...

hsbc and jpmorgan had acquired three per cent stake each in the kerala-based dhanlaxmi bank by subscribing to its sale of shares ...

public sector lender idbi bank today said its board will meet tomorrow to consider government fund infusion to the tune of rs ...

the pension fund regulatory development authority (pfrda) has increased the allocation from the government s pension ...

in a first of its kind, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has introduced a variable pay structure for the employees it plans to ...

the rupee fell the most in a month on concern that investors will cut holdings of emerging-market assets after the latest reports ...

l t general insurance, the wholly owned subsidiary of engineering major larsen toubro limited (l t), on monday said ...

the insurance regulatory development authority (irda) has proposed a string of minimum requirements for agents, including a ...

state bank of mysore, the bangalore-based public sector lender and affiliate of state bank group, has posted a net profit of rs ...

the state bank of mysore (sbm) plans to expand its branch network in the rural and semi-urban areas in a big manner by opening ...

ireland had its credit rating cut one level at moody s investors service, which cited a significant loss of ...

country s leading banks are lining up to fund the $2.3 billion acquisition of the singapore-based hospital chain parkway holdings ...

the rupee dropped to fresh two-week lows in the afternoon session on monday as demand for dollars from two large corporates, two ...

state bank of travancore (sbt) has registered a drop in net profit in the first quarter 2010-11, earning rs 149.8 crore as ...

as part of its expansion plan, anil ambani group s life insurance venture reliance life will add 3,000 sales managers to ...

banks availed refinance to the tune of rs 2,045 crore in april-june, according to nhb data. demand was much less in the same ...

the canara bank is looking to raise rs 500-600 crore during the second quarter of the present fiscal to augment its capital ...

bangalore-based public sector lender canara bank has advanced rs 40,173 crore to infrastructure sector, showing a growth of a ...

with many life insurers not able to retain customers due to mis-selling, the regulator irda has proposed that licence of an agent ...

on july 2, the reserve bank had hiked both the short-term lending and borrowing rates by 25 basis points each to contain ...

ahead of the monetary review, industry chamber assocham today asked the rbi to make changes in the base rate mechanism to provide ...

bangalore-based public sector lender, canara bank, today reported a whopping 82.5 per cent year-on-year rise in net profit at rs ...

state-owned canara bank today reported a 82.48 per cent jump in net profit for the first quarter ended june 30 at rs 1,013.37 ...

goldman sachs $550 million settlement with us regulators yesterday will benefit the firm by ending three months of ...

rbi, however, didn t extend the facility under which banks could borrow against 0.5 per cent of their holdings of statutory ...

exim bank is looking to develop an alternative finance instrument for importers. the bank is working on a partially structured ...

private sector banks have stolen a march over the public sector banks in the disbursals of loans in the agriculture and allied ...

the country s foreign exchange reserves rose to $279.422 billion for the week ended july 9, up by around $1.16 billion over the ...

exim bank, which provides finance facilities to exporters and importers, is collaborating with export credit guarantee ...

after months of scrutiny and scanning over 3,000 entries, the government today approved the symbol of the indian currency which ...

one of the frontrunning public sector banks of india, punjab national bank (pnb) is projected to have a business of rs 10 lakh ...

government-owned central bank of india (cbi) is looking to expand overseas and plans to seek licences for opening offices in hong ...

the cabinet on thursday cleared the merger of state bank of indore with its parent state bank of india (sbi), a move that would ...

ratnakar bank may plan a rights issue of shares within a year to fund its expansion and seek to list its shares within four ...

lic housing finance on thursday reported a 71 per cent increase in net profit during the first quarter ended june to rs 212 ...

nearly 10 banks, mostly in the public sector, are likely to pick up stake in the proposed central electronic registry, a company ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has said that it would slap fine on subsidiary general ledger (sgl) account holders, if they ...

private lender dhanalakshmi bank today said its shareholders have passed a special resolution to rechristen the bank as ...

amid the debate over their ownerships, the government has said icici bank and hdfc bank would not suffer any handicap due to ...

the government has assured private sector lenders icici bank and hdfc bank that they will not be discriminated against vis-a-vis ...

decks have been cleared for the merger of state bank of indore with its parent state bank of india, with the cabinet approving ...

the indian rupee weakened by 4 paise to 46.73 a dollar in early trade at the interbank foreign exchange today on increased demand ...

villages across uttar pradesh have a reason to cheer. the state s financial inclusion road map is being readied, allowing ...

the indian investments of one of the most high-profile of asian real estate private equity funds, the $2.68 billion asian real ...

the promoters of hdfc standard life, the joint venture between hdfc and uk-based standard life, will invest rs 300-350 crore in ...

housing finance development corporation (hdfc), the country s largest mortgage lender, has posted a 23 per cent increase in ...

icici bank s plan to sell its 19.49 per cent stake in business process outsourcing company firstsource is facing a road ...

private sector financial players icici bank and hdfc bank, who are classified as foreign-owned entities, are on the same footing ...

the housing lender had a net profit of rs 564.92 crore in the june quarter of the previous fiscal, hdfc said in a filing to the ...

public sector lender uco bank will finalise its proposed follow-on offer after fund infusion of nearly rs 375 crore from the ...

to ensure that customers get wider access through cashless facility, industry bodies like confederation of indian industries ...

ten-year bonds slipped on concern investors will refrain from adding to their positions before data tomorrow that economists ...

india s actual outward foreign direct investment (fdi) in joint ventures and subsidiaries was down by 36.7 per cent to ...

banks operating in the state- public sector banks, private banks, cooperative banks as well as regional rural banks (rrbs)- have ...

the value of private equity (pe) backed deals globally stood at $43.3 billion in the april-june quarter of 2010 (calendar year), ...

the all-india punjab national bank s officers association (aipnboa) today said that pnb was facing a shortage of 15,000 ...

private sector lender yes bank and poalim capital markets, a leading israeli investment bank and a part of bank hapoalim b.m, ...

india s largest bank, the state bank of india (sbi) is planning to revive its village adoption scheme under corporate social ...

the rupee eased on tuesday in line with a fall in local equities and the dollar s strength versus the euro overseas underpinning ...

the implementation of the financial inclusion plan in orissa for villages with a population of over 2000 (2001 census) appears ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) would promote the system of rice intensification (sri) in the ...

real credit growth yet to take place, say bankers...

mumbai-based public sector lender union bank of india has put its non-performing assets, worth rs 500 crore (principal value of ...

ambit capital, the private-wealth arm of financial services company ambit holdings, was looking at a 10-fold growth in asset ...

insurance regulator irda today said ulip-holders will have to pay up to rs 6,000 if they want to discontinue a policy within the ...

concerned over dilution of its role in dealing with inter-regulatory disputes, reserve bank of india s (rbi) governor d subbarao ...

bankers today informed the reserve bank (rbi) that they are confident of achieving 20 per cent credit growth this fiscal, on the ...

the reserve bank is likely to announce a sunset clause with a deadline of june 30, 2011, for all loans in the erstwhile benchmark ...

leading public sector bank canara bank today denied that it was planning to sell its stake in housing finance subsidiary canfin ...

pilgrims visiting puri during the famed ratra yatra festival will have their lives insured against accidental death and ...

state bank of india (sbi), the nation s largest lender, has got an extension up to september 2011 for increasing its ...

four employees of punjab national bank (pnb) were suspended in dehra dun, following a cbi probe that found they were lending bank ...

the sectoral regulator irda today said it had finalised the ipo guidelines for insurance companies and referred them to the ...

the interest rates in the inter-bank overnight lending market are likely to remain steady, on persistent strain on liquidity in ...

top executives of public and private sector banks will meet reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor subir gokarn tomorrow as ...

the sectoral regulator irda today said it has finalised the ipo guidelines for insurance companies and has referred the same to ...

his earlier stints at nestle and pepsico were all about increasing these companies share of stomach, but now, for ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to allow trading of currency options on bourses within a week, according to a senior ...

the government today allowed life insurance corporation of india (lic) and a few other finance companies to issue tax-free ...

in another move to nudge banks into becoming more customer-friendly, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked them to reduce the ...

reliance life insurance company (rlic) plans to double its market share in the entire life insurance business to 10 per cent from ...

post merger of state bank of saurashtra (sbs) with the state bank of india (sbi), the latter now aims to consolidate on its ...

indiabulls financial services today launched a 8.25 per cent teaser rate home loan, a week after rivals hdfc and sbi extended ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today warned banks and financial institutions to strictly follow its guidelines on credit cards ...

the indian rupee gained 12 paise to 46.74 against the us dollar in early trade on the interbank foreign exchange today, supported ...

over two million customers of icicidirect, the retail online broking arm of icici securities, had a tough time, as its trading ...

in what would lead to easy access of fund for l t infrastructure finance company (l t infra), a subsidiary of larsen ...

temasek holdings will invest aggressively in sectors linked to india s domestic growth. the company is eyeing ...

the insurance regulatory development authority (irda) may review returns that insurance companies must guarantee on pension ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor k c chakraborty said here today that the apex bank will offer its assessment of ...

state-run idbi bank today said r m malla has been appointed as the chairman and managing director of the bank for a period of ...

bank of america-merrill lynch (bofa-ml) aims to double revenues in the next three to four years, leveraging from the integration ...

india needs a contingency plan by september to control inflation as prices are showing few signs of easing, the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has urged finance minister pranab mukherjee to allow the securities and insurance laws (amendment ...

religare enterprises (rel) on wednesday said it had inducted two global financial sector experts on its board as independent ...

banks may now find it easier to identify fraudsters while entering into businesses tied with new clients. credit information ...

mahindra finance is banking on the m m navistar line of trucks to drive its fledgling heavy commercial vehicles (cv) ...

the rajasthan high court today issued notices to the reserve bank of india (rbi), bank of rajasthan (bor), icici bank and others ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has launched an initiative for augmenting institutional credit ...

investors preferred to purchase commercial papers (cps) on tuesday due to the higher rates and shorter-tenure of these papers, ...

the justice department is conducting a criminal investigation of hsbc holdings clients who may have failed to disclose accounts ...

rbi wants customers to inform it if any bank is lending below the base rate. the new loan pricing regime or the base rate ...

the increase has ensured that short-term rates go up, thus ruling out any possibility of lending below the base rate, which is in ...

polaris software lab ltd today informed bse it had bagged a project from andhra pradesh state cooperative bank ltd to implement ...

the cost of insuring sovereign debt against default climbed 30 per cent on average last quarter amid europe s escalating ...

economists expect the reserve bank of india (rbi) to hike its key short-term lending and borrowing rates on july 27 to tame ...

trying to cash in on the high prices of precious metals, state-run punjab sind bank today said it will soon start selling ...

all india regional rural bank employees association (airrbea), the representative body of the officers and employees of the ...

with an aim to provide banking services in those tribal and remote areas of the country which are still deprived of banking ...

primary issuances fell on monday due to lack of market participation as the left parties and bharatiya janata party called a ...

the largest deal during the period was bharti airtel s acquisition of kuwait-based zain s african assets in a deal ...

an extension of the debt relief scheme, announced by finance minister pranab mukherjee during the union budget 2010-11, has ...

credit ratings agency moody s on monday said the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) recent move to hike short-term ...

the jump in the premium collection will be driven primarily by eight new insurance products, which the company plans to roll out ...

shares of banks erased initial losses following the 25 basis points increase in the repo and reverse repo rates by the reserve ...

lloyds banking group plc will sell a portfolio of 40 private equity investments to a new joint venture, a deal that would fetch ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee today described rbi s move to increase the short-term lending and borrowing rates to ...

the monetary authority and the government might have different views on balancing growth and inflation, but in the long term, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it will come up with a discussion paper on granting new banking licences by the end of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said managing prices is its main priority and friday s decision to raise key short-term ...

icici bank today said the new base rate regime, which has come into effect from july 1, will not impact the interest liability of ...

the country s largest insurance company, lic, plans to recruit around 10,000 employees in the current fiscal to give a push to ...

banks withdrew rs 14,814 crore from mutual funds (mfs) during the fortnight ended june 18, partly due to demand from telecom ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is unhappy that banks have extended teaser rate schemes to grab a larger pie of the home loan ...

state bank of india north-east circle has launched an ambitious programme of appointing 3,000 customer service points (csp) of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) would further raise key rates if inflation continued to rise, rbi deputy governor k c chakrabarty ...

days after state bank of india extended its teaser home loan scheme, the country s largest mortgage financier, housing ...

public sector banks (psbs) should get freedom to decide the pay structure of their employees, according to a government panel ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has proposed a cap on annual salary increments of chief executive officers and whole-time ...

country s foreign exchange reserves continued their rise for the third consecutive week, backed by a healthy increase in the ...

on the heels of the market leader state bank of india (sbi) extending its concessional home-loan rates, the mortgage leader hdfc ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today raised key short-term policy rates by 25 basis points, in an unscheduled announcement, to ...

credit rating agency crisil has upgraded to stable from negative , debt instruments of icici bank, reflecting an improvement ...

public sector lender indian bank today said it has raised rs 500 crore through issue of bonds on a private placement basis as ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) will promote organic farming in kerala through an integrated ...

the country s second largest private sector lender, hdfc bank, plans to capitalise on its acquisition of centurion bank of ...

the life insurance industry is likely to see a significant drop in new business premium collection following new regulations on ...

tata capital, the private equity and financial services arm of the tata group, is looking at over rs 600 crore investments for ...

the base rate regime, which became operational yesterday, will spur competition among banks but is unlikely to impact their ...

issuances of short-term money market instruments fell today because banks were not keen on raising funds at the start of the ...

though deregulation of petrol prices has cheered oil marketing companies (omcs), the base rate regime that banks are shifting to ...

a calibrated exit from stimulus packages will be one of the key challenges for governments, including india s, as the world ...

a reserve bank of india (rbi) report today made a strong case for coordination among the major central banks globally while ...

banks will not lend below the minimum or base interest rate from today as directed by rbi, but may continue to give cheaper ...

state bank of india (sbi) on wednesday extended its eight per cent concessional home loan scheme for another three months till ...

the sundaram finance (sfl) board has decided in principle to acquire 49.4 per cent stake from bnp paribas asset management in ...

commercial papers, the money market instruments to raise funds of less than a year, are set to gain popularity with banks ...

with the base rate regime kicking off from tomorrow, banks are looking at allowing customers to switch to this new loan pricing ...

munich re s primary insurance unit, ergo versicherungsgruppe, will exceed a premium forecast for its international business ...

leading private sector banks have more or less matched state-run banks in fixing their base rates, with icici bank and axis bank ...

bangalore-based public sector lender, vijaya bank today announced that its base rate would be between 8 per cent and 8.5 per ...

taking a step towards paperless green banking for deposit, withdrawal and remittance transactions, state bank of india (sbi), ...

country s largest private sector lender icici bank today pegged its minimum lending rate at 7.5 per cent, the same as state bank ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked banks to provide more loans to micro and small units so that credit to them grows by 20 ...

state bank of india today extended its 8 per cent concessional home loan scheme for another three months till september, which is ...

private sector lakshmi vilas bank today said it plans to float a housing finance subsidiary and also to raise around rs 400 crore ...

a government-appointed panel today called for according the coveted maharatna status to the nation s largest lender state bank of ...

private sector lender hdfc bank today fixed the minimum lending rate at 7.25 per cent, 25 basis points lower than market leader ...

japan s sumitomo mitsui banking corporation today announced that it would invest rs 1,366 crore for a 4.5 per cent stake in ...

banking major standard chartered bank today said that it will invest $500 million in an initial public offering launched by the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) directive to banks, asking them not to honour cheques with overwriting, will come into effect ...

founded two years after mao zedong s communist revolution, agricultural bank of china was created to lend money to the country s ...

united kingdom-based eredene capital, which has a $100 million (rs 460 crore) infrastructure fund in india, is planning to ...

infrastructure development finance corporation (idfc) has raised rs 2,654 crore by a qualified institutional placement (qip), ...

the recent changes made to unit-linked insurance plans (ulips) are going to pinch the agents that sell these insurance products ...

issuances of short term papers declined today as mutual funds, the major investors in such papers, stayed on the sidelines due to ...

rising food prices have been a concern for the last few months, but the response to food inflation is beyond the monetary policy, ...

state-owned life insurance corporation (lic) of india will close one of its most attractive unit-linked pension plans- market ...

united arab emirates (uae s) banks may need to set aside as much as 20 per cent of their loans to state-owned dubai ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) s guidelines on unit-linked insurance plans (ulips) could make ...

containing high food prices is a dominant policy concern, the reserve bank said today, amid expectations that it may raise ...

country s largest public sector lender state bank of india today fixed its benchmark lending rate at 7.5 per cent following a ...

leverage is back on wall street and this time it s the bankers who have it. firms are adding jobs for the first ...

aegon religare life insurance, a joint venture of the netherlands-based aegon and india s religare enterprises, eyes ...

icici bank on monday said it would announce its base rate on june 30. the bank also recommended a dividend of 120 per cent at its ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may wait for a few weeks before raising policy rates to contain inflation in view of tight ...

issuances of certificates of deposit (cds) fell on monday because investors preferred to remain on the sidelines due to the tight ...

following insurance regulatory development authority s move to allow insurance companies to offer health plus life ...

infrastructure development finance company (idfc) on monday got shareholders approval to raise rs 3,500 crore. the company ...

prospective buyers might grumble about skyrocketing gold prices, but the recent run-up in bullion has one group of unexpected ...

state-owned life insurance corporation of india (lic) will pump in more than rs 20,000 crore in the equity market this fiscal on ...

just a few days before the new loan pricing regime begins on july 1, the government has asked all public sector banks to quantify ...

the liquidity in the system is expected to remain under pressure on outgo of funds for payment of broadband spectrum fees and ...

country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) is likely to fix its base rate--the new lending benchmark banks will follow ...

bank of rajasthan (bor) has forwarded an application for merger with icici bank to the reserve bank of india (rbi) -- a move that ...

misdeeds in the past can make the future tough for investment bankers seeking to advise clients on public offers, as market ...

general insurers grew around 19 per cent by collecting rs 7,392 crore premium in the first two months of the current fiscal, as ...

state-owned indian bank today said that it will raise rs 500 crore through bonds during the first week of next month to fund ...

the government would decide the second installment of financial assistance after going through q2 (july-september) financial ...

efforts to step up financial inclusion, statewise credit flow to agri sector and progress of centrally sponsored schemes are ...

non-life insurers premium grew 19 per cent to rs 7,392 crore in the first two months of the current financial year, as ...

the increase in fuel prices today may not be a strong reason for the reserve bank of india (rbi) to increase rates to contain ...

the yield on government bonds climbed on higher-than-expected rise in prices of oil products and higher cut-off for the ...

the sharp increase of 36 per cent could be achieved largely due to better performance of the lead banks like state bank of india ...

congressional negotiators today approved the most sweeping overhaul of us financial regulation since the great depression, ...

singapore mercantile exchange (smx) today announced the appointment of london-listed ffastfill plc to provide connectivity to the ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned rs 282.82 crore this year with loan assistance to ...

the company, a 74 26 joint venture between bharati group and the french multinational insurer axa group, posted a turnover of ...

ing bank nv today sold its entire stake of 3.07 per cent in kotak mahindra bank ltd, valued at about rs 801 crore, according to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may raise key repo and reverse repo rates in the first half of july to contain inflation, four of ...

reflecting tight cash conditions, net borrowing by banks at the reserve bank of india s liquidity adjustment facility (laf) ...

capping a week of high drama, the board of bank of rajasthan (bor) has decided to send the application for merger with icici bank ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has said that loans for which banks avail of subvention from the government will be out of the ...

compensation for the shareholders of the erstwhile nedungadi bank will be paid only after completing the due diligence process ...

punjab national bank (pnb) will enhance its total business in kerala to over rs 5,000 crore in the current financial year, from ...

the committee members asked if sbi was waiting for private sector banks to announce their rates before it takes a call on the ...

city union bank ltd is planning to seek the approval of its board of directors for a proposal to raise around rs 250-300 crore by ...

aegon religare life insurance (arli) has chalked out an aggressive business plan this fiscal, besides increasing its topline ...

hdfc ergo general insurance, which expects to chart 35 per cent growth in premium collections in 2010-11, aims to achieve ...

the dutch financial services major ing today exited private sector lender kotak mahindra bank by selling its entire stake in a ...

the uncertainty over the validity of the voting conducted by shareholders of bank of rajasthan (bor) on its proposed merger with ...

the all india regional rural bank employees association (airrbea) has urged the finance minister pranab mukherjee to give more ...

baring private equity partners india, an india-focused fund, is understood to be close to investing rs 370 crore in oriental ...

the bp plc oil spill in the gulf of mexico will push up the price of insurance on offshore drilling, said lloyd s of london ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has allowed companies to issue zero-coupon non-convertible debentures (ncd) at a discount to the ...

even as the government is ready with the broad contours of an auction mechanism for external commercial borrowings (ecb), the ...

rising incidents of kidnappings have forced companies to buy kidnap and ransom cover for their employees. insurance executives ...

city-based microfinance institution bhartiya samruddhi finance limited (bfsl), part of the basix group, is looking at raising rs ...

amid the continuing uncertainty over the validity of voting conducted by the bank of rajasthan (bor) shareholders on monday, the ...

the life insurance industry recorded a 45 per cent growth in new business premium income collected in the months of april and ...

the bank of rajasthan (bor) has turned down a demand from a company related to the tayal family, which is the bank s key ...

centum learning, a bharti associate company, on tuesday raised rs 40 crore from the mayfield india fund. this is mayfield s ...

less than 10 days from on tuesday, there could be a paradigm shift on how loans will be priced. yet, not a single bank has ...

rating agency crisil expects public sector banks (psbs) to stay adequately capitalised, as the government has started infusing ...

state bank of india (sbi) is understood to be raising $1 billion (about rs 4,500 crore) from overseas markets through bonds, for ...

clearing the decks, icici bank s general body has approved acquisition of bank of rajasthan (bor), which is awaiting a legal ...

insurance regulator irda, which has won its turf war with market watchdog sebi over regulation of ulips, is expected to tighten ...

amid uncertainty about the validity of voting conducted by bank of rajasthan shareholders yesterday, the bank today said it has ...

shares of bank of rajasthan (bor) climbed as much as 2.5 per cent in the morning trade on the bse today, after shareholders of ...

investors need not worry about the immediate volatility in the exchange value of rupee vis-a-vis us dollar in the wake of china ...

as the row over investment-cum-insurance product came to an end, life insurers got another big relief on pension plans, which now ...

it was a day of drama for bank of rajasthan (bor). the bank first cancelled an extraordinary general meeting (egm) in mumbai, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has imposed a monetary penalty of rs 500,000 on the postal and rms employees cooperative bank ltd ...

noting that some financial institutions were allegedly flouting its norms, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today directed banks ...

most bankers have indicated that they will keep their base rate between 8 per cent and 8.5 per cent, up to 5 percentage points ...

mumbai and delhi together account for about 45 per cent of the total equity mutual fund assets under management, a report ...

amid high drama, bank of rajasthan shareholders today voted on a merger deal with icici bank, which got a stay vacated on bor s ...

in an unusual development, bank of rajasthan s management today called off an extraordinary general meeting (egm) to discuss ...

oil prices rallied in asian trade today on expectations of higher demand from chinese consumers after china s central bank said ...

choosing to play safe, given the volatility in the equity markets, life insurance companies increased their net investment in ...

nri businessman surachan chawla the single largest shareholder in kerala-based catholic syrian bank (csb) has ...

although the uncertainty over regulation of the unit-linked insurance products (ulips) has been settled, investors in these ...

bank depositors are likely to benefit from deregulation of the interest rate on savings accounts, an idea mooted by the reserve ...

although the uncertainty over regulation of unit-linked insurance products (ulips) has been settled, investors in these schemes ...

nri businessman surachan chawla -- the single largest shareholder in kerala-based catholic syrian bank -- has approached the ...

several european banks, including those in greece, are in bad financial health and may have to be bailed out by their respective ...

insurers may be allowed to invest in the proposed bonds of the india infrastructure finance company ltd (iifcl) for refinancing ...

technology cannot substitute brick and mortar branches and absence of the human touch can be intimidating, the reserve bank of ...

to meet the demand for credit from telecom companies to pay for third-generation licences, banks withdraw rs 59,594 crore from ...

corporation bank has announced 7.25 per cent interest per annum for a 1000 days fixed deposit. the deposit scheme, which gives an ...

state-run corporation bank today said its base rate is likely to be fixed between 8.25-8.5 per cent and that it will announce the ...

state-owned central bank of india today said that it would come out with a rights issue in the next few months to raise rs 2,500 ...

in sweeping changes to financial regulation since then, the watchdog will be wound down and replaced by three bodies over the ...

all financial intermediaries, including banks and stocks brokers, will have to maintain specific information about their ...

shares of icici bank ltd, india s second-biggest bank, dropped around noon on rumours that the bank faced a lawsuit in the ...

public sector lender punjab national bank (pnb) would pick up 64 per cent stake in jsc dana bank in kazakhstan, according to ...

the general insurance council will meet the central board of direct taxes (cbdt) officials on june 23 to seek a withdrawal of a ...

shriram transport finance corporation (stfc) is planning to raise rs 500 crore through retail non-convertible debentures (ncds). ...

the country s second-largest public sector lender, punjab national bank (pnb), is on an international expansion spree to ...

dhanlaxmi bank, one of the smallest private sector ones, has appointed idfc-sski securities and jm financial services as advisors ...

shriram group, a chennai-based diversified group, is planning to start general insurance operations in south-asian countries. the ...

public sector lender andhra bank on wednesday said its retail loan-book would grow by around 45-50 per cent in 2010-11 on the ...

housing finance companies (hfcs) grew their mortgage portfolios at a faster rate than banks in the year up to march 31, thereby ...

according to the data released by the life insurance council, the representative body of life insurance companies, the total ...

you need not shell out the big bucks to be pampered. buy a health cover and enjoy luxury treatment at a spa, join a gymnasium or ...

there is good news for investors looking at unit-linked insurance plans (ulips). the insurance regulatory development ...

according to the latest data by the reserve bank of india (rbi), bank credit grew by 19.12 per cent on a year-on-year basis. the ...

state bank of india, the country s largest lender, plans to offer wealth management services to its affluent clients, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today set up a committee under the chairmanship of former sebi chairman m damodaran to suggest ...

credit growth of banks stood at 19 per cent during the one-year period ending june 4, up from 15.10 per cent a year ago, the ...

the royal bank of scotland (rbs) today said it will sell off its pakistan unit to faysal bank for euro 41 million, as part of ...

public sector lender andhra bank today said its retail loan book would grow by around 45-50 per cent this fiscal on the back of a ...

the life insurance industry witnessed a steady growth in 2009-10 financial year, with an 18 per cent increase in total premium ...

a british regulatory body has launched a probe into global consultancy ernst and young s audit of the lehman brothers financial ...

public sector lender indian bank today said it plans to implement the financial inclusion programme in 5,563 villages in 19 ...

the federal reserve bank of new york, which carried out central-bank rescues of money markets and wall street firms, is poised to ...

insurance firms and non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) are heaving a sigh of relief as the revised draft of the direct taxes ...

shriram transport finance company s (stfc s) new equipment finance subsidiary, shriram equipment finance company, ...

after a 73 per cent drop in 2009, private equity (pe) investments in the country s power sector have started picking up. ...

issuances of short-term money market instruments continued to remain thin because investors preferred to stay on the sidelines ...

the global financial crisis that started in the later part of 2008 following the collapse of the wall street investment bank ...

morgan stanley plans to increase the number of private bankers in india by 50 per cent within a year, amitava neogi, executive ...

the nation s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) has made a lower advance tax payment this quarter compared to the year-ago ...

the only unlisted state-run lender punjab sind bank today said it is likely to come out with an initial public offer next ...

citigroup has said that it will sell its nearly $2-billion canadian mastercard business to credit card issuer canadian imperial ...

european banks at risk of writedowns from the sovereign debt crisis face a funding squeeze that may depress earnings, curb ...

at least four large public sector banks expect to set their base rates between 7.5 per cent and 8.5 per cent, the range indicated ...

fitch ratings today raised india s local currency outlook to stable from negative , forecasting ...

despite quite a few catastrophes, reinsurance rates in the indian market have remained stable. in contrast, global rates have ...

rupee rose the most in two weeks on speculation rbi would raise borrowing costs for a third time this year to curb inflation, ...

even as india s annual inflation rate touched 10.16 per cent in may, finance minister pranab mukherjee today ruled out the ...

loan defaulters will now find it difficult to rid themselves of all their liabilities through the one-time settlement (ots) ...

to ensure bank credit for housing in rural madhya pradesh, the state government has planned to provide title deed to house owners ...

the state building and other construction workers welfare board has decided to introduce a new pension scheme that envisages ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has said that introduction of the new regime of base rate -- a benchmark rate below which banks ...

public sector lender vijaya bank today said it has received rs 700 crore from the government as part of the package to shore up ...

private sector dhanalaxmi bank today said it has entered into an alliance with hdfc mutual fund for distributing the latter s ...

as a part of its endeavour to educate the rural people on various banking services, andhra bank has proposed to set up a ...

private sector lender yes bank says it will prefer multiple investors to replace rabobank, which holds a 15.9 per cent stake in ...

foreign partners may have to dilute their stake in insurance joint ventures (jvs) on listing to abide by the government diktat ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today asked troubled lender bank of rajasthan set to be acquired by icici bank to ...

the government today approved infusion of rs 6,211 crore in five public sector banks bank of maharashtra, central bank, ...

india will remain a focus area for multilateral lending institutions like asian development bank (adb) and international ...

india is likely to see more capital inflows as investors may find the indian market an attractive destination, especially in the ...

just between us, it may be stupid to use certain words in email to discuss the ...

a sharp rise in industrial output may prompt the central bank to raise interest rates after it gets a clearer assessment of ...

the indian depository receipts (idrs) of standard chartered plc, the uk-based bank that gets most of its earnings from asia, the ...

morgan stanley asia has informed the singapore stock exchange that one of its uk-based associates, front point management, has ...

the finance ministry is likely to recommend freezing and closure of bank accounts found suspicious during the ongoing exercise by ...

moving beyond the realm of collating credit information for banks, credit information bureau (india) limited, (cibil) is looking ...

public sector lender allahabad bank is planning to strengthen its merchant banking arm, allbank finance ltd, by expanding to ...

american international group may still receive $35.5 billion for an asia division after a purchase agreement with prudential ...

bengal chamber of commerce industry is organising outreach 2010, a forum organised by its finance, banking and insurance ...

the ongoing turbulence in the eurozone can lead to a second banking crisis due to the weakness in the financial sector of europe ...

bank employees are planning for a nationwide strike to protest the proposed takeover of bank of rajasthan by icici bank, said ...

the insurance regulatory development authority (irda) has banned over 4,261 corporate agents out of the total 7,000 in the ...

reserve bank of india has revised the norms for urban cooperative banks for giving loans to the housing and real estate (re) ...

the board of punjab sind bank (psb) on wednesday approved a proposal to rework its initial public offer (ipo) plan in line ...

with fortis healthcare getting ready to raise a war chest of over rs 10,000 crore (including internal resources ) to counter ...

banco santander sa, spain s largest bank, agreed to pay $2.5 billion in cash to buy a stake in its mexican unit that it ...

global investors support us legislation that would raise capital requirements for banks and strengthen consumer financial ...

india s largest life insurance company, life insurance corporation (lic), on wednesday signed a memorandum of understanding ...

transport minister kamal nath said he would meet with temasek holdings pte to discuss the idea of setting up a fund ...

infrastructure conglomerate lanco group and leading financial services firm edelweiss capital have emerged frontrunners in the ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) is looking to invest up to rs 2 lakh crore in various asset classes, including equity ...

overall interest rates may not harden from current levels as the country s fiscal deficit is expected to improve in the ...

insurance costs for oil companies are set to rise exponentially after the bp plc spill, the worst oil leak in us ...

state-run insurance giant life insurance corporation of india (lic) has invested rs 8,363 crore in the equity market in the first ...

we are working out the number...it could be between 7.5 per cent and 8.5 per cent, sbi chairman o p bhatt told ...

to provide a push to infrastructure development, a committee under housing development finance corporation chairman deepak parekh ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee today asked banks to step up their performance to ensure the 20 per cent credit growth ...

in a major bid to expand its pan-india footprint, private sector yes bank, on tuesday said it planned to open 100 new branches in ...

a good monsoon might ease the country s inflationary pressures, allowing the central bank to continue its ...

citigroup inc. s wu sheng and ji yehong resigned as managing directors at the bank s china team to join rivals, ...

manulife financial corp chief executive officer donald guloien said the canadian insurer stood to benefit from ...

a gamble with fate taken by both current railway minister mamata banerjee and her predecessor, lalu prasad, has just cost their ...

the lower house of the swiss parliament voted tuesday to reject a deal with the united states to transfer bank data from 4,450 ...

state bank of mysore is hopeful of attaining a 33 per cent current account savings account (casa) ratio, with a credit growth ...

the banking system remained in the borrowing mode on tuesday raising rs 67,625 crore on a net basis through two liquidity ...

a recovery in stock markets and improved access to credit would help bolster sentiment for private-equity (pe) transactions in ...

union finance minister pranab mukherjee today described human resource management as the most daunting task facing ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), today said it is awaiting the reserve bank of india s (rbi) approval for ...

bank of america (bofa) will pay $108 million to settle the us federal trade commission s charges that countrywide financial corp, ...

public sector general insurer united india insurance company is hopeful of achieving 15 per cent growth in its premium income to ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has now proposed to streamline the promotion of insurance products ...

as many as seven public sector banks (psbs) might get additional capital from the government shortly, financial services ...

buyers and existing owners of cars could be in for a shock. reason premiums of motor insurance, both renewals and new cars, are ...

andhra bank has tied up with uae exchange centre wll, kuwait, for speed remittance arrangement from kuwait to all its customers. ...

ongoing sovereign debt crisis in some of the european economies has not adversely impacted the business of exim bank as of now, ...

aegon religare life insurance (arli) on monday announced plans to improve the topline for the current fiscal by expanding its ...

banks raised nearly rs 62,000 crore on a net basis today through the two liquidity-adjustment facility (laf) operations conducted ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has not cleared any unit-linked insurance plans (ulips) for nearly two ...

tamil nadu-based private sector karur vysya bank (kvb) today entered into a memorandum of understanding (mou) with unit trust of ...

insurance company aegon religare life insurance (arli) today said it is targeting a total received premium of rs 500 crore in the ...

british insurer prudential plc has reported a 27 per cent jump in sales to 1.36 billion pounds for the first five months of 2010, ...

idbi bank has opened its first overseas branch at the dubai international financial centre (difc), which will provide corporate ...

the company said that aggarwal has resigned following his appointment as the chairman of pension fund regulatory and development ...

teaser home loan rates of some banks, including state bank of india (sbi), which charges only 8 per cent for the first year may ...

bond traders will be eagerly waiting for the outcome of the meeting of the empowered group of ministers on freeing oil prices on ...

the state bank of hyderabad (sbh), an associate bank of sbi, will recruit 2,000 clerical and 600 supervisory staff during the ...

fearing court cases after the implementation of the base rate regime next month, public sector banks have decided to go for a ...

it major mastek is eyeing an acquisition in the insurance vertical in north america as well as the uk, and could spend up to $50 ...

deepak parekh, hdfc s non-executive chairman, has urged the government to overcome the coalition pressures and allow higher ...

banks in nebraska, mississippi and illinois were shut yesterday, according to statements on the federal deposit insurance ...

european central bank president jean-claude trichet said tightening fiscal policy was the best way for europe to help the global ...

the agricultural bank of china (abc) announced its huge dual listing in shanghai and hong kong, which could be the world s ...

the nationwide strike by bank of rajasthan (bor) employees against its proposed merger with the icici bank entered its second day ...

hungary s economic situation is stable and recent comments about a possible default were unfortunate, the government ...

private life insurer aegon religare life insurance (arli) is betting big on bancassurance to penetrate deeper in the tier ii and ...

life insurance corporation (lic) plans to sell its employee housing portfolio worth rs 1,300 crore to its mortgage arm, lic ...

to demystify insurance products and fill the information gap, the insurance regulatory development authority (irda) has ...

clearing the deck for the merger of state bank of india (sbi) and its associate, state bank of indore, the reserve bank of india ...

the bombay stock exchange (bse), today said it has resolved 281 investor complaints against 194 companies in may, including ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has proposed to tighten securitisation norms for non-bank financial companies (nbfcs), which will ...

the sub-committee of the state level bankers committee (slbc) on enhancing flow of credit to handloom and handicraft ...

in 2007, when mexico-based microfinance institution (mfi) banco compartamos announced plans to go public, its critics were ...

with prudential calling off plans to acquire aig s asian life insurance unit, the tatas who have a 74 26 joint ...

the group of 20 nations is split on the scale and timing of increases in bank-capital requirements that have been under ...

the rushikulya gramya bank (rgb), one of the regional rural banks in orissa, will soon introduce on-line transaction facilities ...

the committee constituted by the reserve bank of india (rbi) to look into the issue of customer service by banks to small ...

the central bank needs to consider a cash crunch in setting interest rates as companies pay third-generation (3g) phone license ...

in what may lead to lesser front-loading of insurance policies, the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) plans ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will not tinker with policy rates unless absolutely necessary, deputy governor k c chakrabarty ...

hdfc bank today said it is not looking at any inorganic growth for now as it plans to consolidate its business after the recent ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh), an associate bank of state bank of india, will recruit as many as 2,000 clerical and 600 ...

around 4,200 employees of bank of rajathan (bor) will go on two-day strike from tomorrow to protest against the proposed merger ...

hdfc bank can double in size every four years, but it is not in a race to become the largest among all, says deepak parekh, ...

emergency policies introduced during the liquidity crisis and a high fiscal deficit could have damaging consequences for india ...

insurers push pension products this month...

anticipating a fall in sales of pension products after new guidelines kick in from july, life insurance companies are making a ...

the xix commonwealth games to be held in delhi in october this year has already generated a business of rs 5,000 crore in the ...

the supreme court judges hearing a petition against the merger of bank of rajasthan (bor) with icici bank on wednesday described ...

according to data released by the reserve bank of india (rbi), bank credit went up by rs 2,406 crore to rs 32,30,178 crore at the ...

the ongoing economic crisis in the euro zone may have at least one positive aspect higher remittances to india. while, ...

a day after the conclusion of the 3g auction process, the net borrowing by banks from the reserve bank of india (rbi) under the ...

the recent past has seen quite a few senior employees of brokerages and investment banks switch jobs. the churn has been visible ...

the employee unions of the troubled bank of rajasthan (bor) have sought the intervention of the reserve bank of india (rbi) to ...

a supreme court bench today declined to hear a petition filed by minority shareholders of the bank of rajasthan, opposing the ...

in a major initiative to encourage investors from the rural and semi urban areas to participate in the equity market, the ...

public sector bank, allahabad bank is eyeing nri accounts to shore up its business from the segment from the ...

haryana has failed to match the growth rate of agriculture productivity to the growth rate of agriculture advances extended by ...

this summer, public sector bank chiefs have a new destination on their travel schedule patna. that s because ...

bucking the trend of rising interest rates, the country s third-largest private sector lender, axis bank, has cut deposits ...

state bank of india (sbi) chairman om prakash bhatt is set to take over as the new chairman of the indian banks ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is moving to improve customer service at banks. the central bank has set up a committee that will ...

currency notes are the largest volume of payment instruments in the country despite growing use of credit cards and electronic ...

foreign fund house morgan stanley mauritius today raised its stake in financial services provider jm financial to 4.80 per cent ...

private equity firm new silk route (nsr) will spend up to $20 million (rs 90 crore) to raise its holding in inx media ltd to 70 ...

the indian arm of the world s third-largest reinsurance broker, willis, is under the insurance regulator s scanner in ...

the state bank of india (sbi) is likely to get a one-year extension to meet the mandatory 70 per cent loan-loss coverage norms ...

a two-judge vacation bench of the supreme court today declined to hear a petition filed by shareholders of the bank of rajasthan, ...

american international group, the bailed-out insurer, remains in negotiations to salvage the sale of its main asia unit after ...

traders are closely watching the government s move on auction of fresh securities in light of tight liquidity conditions in ...

companies seeking short-term loans may have to factor in a 25-50 basis point rise in the cost of funds in the coming month, as ...

city union bank (cub) is planning to raise around rs 1,000 crore over the next three years through qualified institutional ...

swiss banks have offered to tax the money deposited with them by indians and other foreigners and immediately deliver the ...

bank customers can soon withdraw up to rs 1 lakh in a single day from atm machines, and can shop for even an higher amount of rs ...

dewan housing finance (dhfl) has raised rs 500 crore through a combination of qualified institutional placement (qip) and ...

standard chartered plc s offering of indian depository receipts (idrs) saw institutional investors pouring in large numbers ...

bank of rajasthan (bor) today announced a net loss of rs 92.3 crore for the quarter ended march 31, compared to a profit of rs ...

private player axis mutual fund today said it is looking at raising up to rs 1,000 crore from its recently launched, fixed ...

standard chartered plc s rs 2,760-crore maiden indian depository receipt (idr) issue got a robust demand from investors on the ...

ratings agencies have seen huge growth in business due to the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) order for rating of ...

the promoters of aegon religare life insurance will infuse around rs 450-470 crore capital into their joint venture in the ...

international finance corporation (ifc), part of the world bank group, is considering an equity investment of up to $7.5 million ...

despite a large pool of funds, india views sovereign wealth funds (swfs) of many african countries like nigeria, libya, botswana ...

banks on the national financial switch (nfs), the largest atm network in the country, will now have to pay a fee of 80 paise per ...

unable to find a senior sikh banker to replace g s vedi at punjab sind bank, the finance ministry has begun the search for ...

the prime minister s office (pmo) has turned down a finance ministry proposal to allow bankers with less than two years of ...

the third day of bidding for standard chartered plc s indian depository receipts (idrs) saw less than two million bids ...

a day after the officers gave a strike call, the employees of the troubled private sector lender bank of rajasthan (bor), which ...

birla sun life mutual fund (bslmf) and oriental bank of commerce (obc) have signed an mou for a strategic alliance, whereby the ...

g nagamal reddy, md and ceo of the bank said that deposits grew by 21.7 per cent to rs 11, 639 crore, which was over and above ...

the rupee today gained some of its lost ground as stock markets recovered, but the weakness of the indian currency is making many ...

with non-performing assets (npas, or bad loans) in the banking sector expected to rise and banks required to achieve a 70 per ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on wednesday announced special measures to provide liquidity in the system, which may face a cash ...

after the jaipur stock exchange (jse), the bombay stock exchange (bse) and the national stock exchange (nse) have sent showcause ...

the guessing game by banks on each other s base rate is expected to be over soon when country s top bankers meet ...

state bank of india (sbi), which is struggling to meet the regulatory mandate of 70 per cent provision coverage ratio (pcr) by ...

india s monetary policy would be conditioned by risks to global economic growth even as inflation remained a ...

the second day of bidding for standard chartered plc s indian depository receipts (idrs) saw the issue being subscribed a ...

the country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today said the worst is over in terms of its rising bad debts, ...

in an effort to protect people from financial frauds, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today advised banks to be vigilant against ...

icici would hold an extra-ordinary general meeting (egm) of shareholders on june 21 to obtain approval for the deal, it said in a ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today announced measures to augment money supply in view of pressure in the system due to an ...

state-run punjab national bank (pnb) expects its base rate to be between 8-8.5 per cent, its chairman and managing director k r ...

despite the controversy around regulation of unit-linked insurance plans (ulips), the life insurance industry managed a healthy ...

standard chartered plc received a rather cold response from investors on the first day of its indian depository receipts (idrs) ...

telecom companies (telcos) are looking at alternative sources of funds to pay for 3g spectrum. they had already raised rs ...

corporate and sovereign credit risk indicators worldwide reached or approached the highest levels in 10 months as heightened ...

investment by private equity (pe) companies rose over three-fold during january-april this year as compared to the same period ...

in a bid to diversify operations, state-run bank of india (boi) plans to re-enter mutual fund business for which it is scouting ...

investment banking fees in western europe are falling victim to the greek debt crisis, as companies from london to dusseldorf ...

the higher-than-expected income from sale of third generation (3g) mobile spectrum has the potential to reduce government ...

banks double expansion plans after rbi s decision to allow them to open branches in tier-iii to vi cities without prior ...

icici bank, which will see its presence in western india grow with the acquisition of bank of rajasthan, has said no to foreign ...

with its new reverse mortgage loan (rml)-enabled annuity scheme offering senior citizens assured lifetime payments instead of the ...

the mangalore air crash is set to take a toll on the insurance bill of at least three airlines air india, kingfisher and ...

standard chartered plc, the london-based financial services group, has fixed the price band for its proposed issue of indian ...

bank of rajasthan (bor) today said its employees will not be adversely affected by the merger with icici bank and there will be ...

in a major acquisition in the country s financial services industry, the boards of country s second-largest lender, icici bank ...

state-owned banks are likely to re-introduce the system of common entrance tests for officers and employees, a move that would ...

private insurers led by reliance general are expected to take a hit of around rs 450 crore from the air india express plane crash ...

public sector lender uco bank is hoping to come out with its follow-on offer (fpo) by the middle of next month. the bank hopes to ...

state bank of india will lend about rs 20,000 crore for operators participating in the auction for third-generation (3g) ...

with icici bank and bank of rajasthan (bor) slated to hold board meetings tomorrow to decide on the share-swap ratio for a merger ...

american international group inc s us government rescue may cost taxpayers $2.9 billion less than previously estimated ...

unsatisfied with the internal valuation arrived at by icici bank, bank of rajasthan s promoter tayals have asked their suitor to ...

ahead of the crucial meeting of the icici bank board to approve the takeover of bank of rajasthan (bor) tomorrow, industry ...

ahead of tomorrow s board meetings of icici bank and bank of rajasthan to decide the share-swap ratio for the merger of the two ...

icici bank, may not need a go-ahead from the foreign investment promotion board (fipb) to complete the intended merger with bank ...

with its new reverse mortgage loan-enabled annuity scheme (rmlea) offering senior citizens assured lifetime payments instead of ...

the hinduja group has acquired kbl epb, the private banking arm of belgian banking and insurance ...

the slide in the value of the euro due to sovereign debt crisis in europe is unlikely to erode indian foreign exchange reserves ...

the rupee suffered its steepest weekly fall since 1995 on concerns over european sovereign debt crisis and heavy selling by ...

the london stock exchange group swung into profits of 90.4 million pounds in the year ended march 31, 2010, amid rising ...

company borrowing costs jumped the most in two weeks after germany s short-selling ban, wiping out declines triggered by ...

state bank of india (sbi) has swung into action to check its rising operating expenses, one of the key factors responsible for ...

hsbc holdings retail broking unit said it would stop merchant banking operations to focus on securities services for ...

standard chartered plc, which will launch the first-ever indian depository receipt (idr) offer later this month, today said it ...

life insurance companies anticipate a fall in premium collected through unit-linked pension products. this is due to the ...

all india bank employees association (aibea) today opposed the proposed merger of bank of rajasthan with icici bank saying it ...

the rupee fell over 1.70 per cent against the us dollar today, weighed down by falling euro against the greenback and largescale ...

the employees of bank of rajasthan (bor) today launched an agitation to protest against its proposed merger with icici bank, the ...

after crossing the $4-billion (rs 18,540 crore) mark in march, the money raised by indian companies through external commercial ...

after witnessing a substantial growth in bad loans in 2009-10 due to economic slowdown, indian banks are hoping for better days ...

the 0.1 per cent fall in the consumer price index was the first decrease since march 2009, figures from the labor department ...

among the karnataka headquartered banks, canara bank and corporation bank are expected to witness sound growth in the current ...

according to data released by the reserve bank of india (rbi), bank credit rose rs 13,029 crore to rs 32,27,771 crore till may 7. ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao today said inflation was a big worry as demand side pressures were building up in ...

magma fincorp limited, one of india s leading retail asset finance companies, has set a loan disbursal target of rs 311 crore in ...

the uk-based bank, which is looking at raising up to $750 million through issue of indian depository receipts (idr), currently ...

icici bank s move to amalgamate bank of rajasthan (bor) with itself at a 1 4.72 ratio indicates the bank would pay a ...

the bank said that while it has no need to raise capital at the moment, the purpose behind the issue of idrs is primarily to ...

in what would make unit-linked insurance plans (ulips) more investor-friendly, the insurance regulatory and development authority ...

indian bank is planning to penetrate rural india through kirana stores, and plans to turn its retired employees into business ...

chennai-based microfinance company smile microfinance ltd (smile) has raised around $10 million (around rs 50 crore) from equity ...

chennai-based public sector bank indian bank has reported a 4.03 per cent increase in its net profit at rs 409.9 crore for fourth ...

the board has recommended dividend of 17 per cent for 2009-10, icra said in a statement. its consolidated total income for ...

indian bank plans to tap the market by september to raise up to rs 1,000 crore to meet its tier-ii capital requirements, said t m ...

to regulate non-banking entities acting as referral agents in the life insurance space, the insurance regulatory and development ...

cd issuance were up today because mutual funds stepped up investment in shorter tenure today on inflows in their liquid schemes. ...

the bank of rajasthan-icici bank merger ends the one-and-a-half-year lull in m a activities in the banking space, while ...

the total business of country s largest private sector lender icici bank will cross rs 4 lakh crore after its takeover of the ...

to further streamline the system governing the ulips, insurance regulator irda today proposed to do away with wide variance in ...

the troubled bank of rajasthan (bor) today said it would approach market regulator sebi and banking watchdog rbi at an ...

the regulator is planning to restrain banks from selling complex derivatives to small and unlisted companies. but, they are ...

prudential ceo tidjane thiam today indicated that the british company would sell its stake in tata aig life to the indian ...

the number of credit cards in circulation fell below the 20-million mark in march, as issuers continued to cull inactive and ...

the aversion to equities is visible with shriram transport s rs 500 crore non-convertible debenture issue receiving high ...

prudential plc, the uk s biggest insurer, started a $21-billion rights offering to fund its purchase of american ...

on an year-on-year basis, the deposits of the bank grew from rs 20,333 crore to rs 23,731 crore (16.71 per cent increase) and ...

the andhra pradesh government will file criminal cases against microfinance institutions (mfis) that resort to coercion and use ...

rates were up 10-20 basis points in the three-month segment on the view liquidity is likely to tighten in the coming weeks due to ...

asset financing company, shriram transport finance company (stfc), plans to infuse around rs 600 crore capital in its proposed ...

british insurance major prudential plc, which runs a life insurance joint venture with icici bank in india, today reported a 26 ...

chennai-based microfinance company, smile microfinance ltd (smile) has raised around $10 million (around rs 50 crore) from equity ...

in what is the largest atm outsourcing deal in the country, axis bank has entered into an agreement with two third-party service ...

romano prodi recalls how he persuaded germany to allow debt-swamped italy into the euro support our membership and we ll ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), today reported a 21 per cent drop in consolidated net profit for ...

the country s foreign exchange reserves fell $3.39 billion to $276.24 billion in the week up to may 7, as investors spooked ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest bank, is in a fix over new provision coverage ratio norm. analysts say it ...

general insurance corporation (gic) may have to pay $25 million, or rs 120 crore, as its share of claim arising out of the crash ...

insurers of aban pearl, the natural gas exploration vessel that sank off the cost of venezuela, would be spared heavy claims as ...

state bank of india (sbi) would come out with a retail bond issue of about rs 200 crore in the first half of the year, chairman o ...

state-run banking major state bank of india (sbi) would persuade the government to agree to a rights issue to help the bank raise ...

however, total income of the bank increased 1.8 per cent to rs 22,474.12 crore for the quarter under review from rs 22,060.61 ...

with the reserve bank of india (rbi) mandating discounted cash flow (dcf) method for valuation in case of transfer of shares to ...

in an effort to increase financing for environment-friendly projects, banks have proposed a 0.5 per cent cess on high ...

policyholders of unit-linked insurance plans (ulips) with a top-up option might find the going tough in the next few months. ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today permitted banks to let firms draw foreign exchange for payment of royalty for technical ...

the british insurance behemoth prudential may launch its $21-billion rights issue early next week after agreeing to the proposed ...

reserve bank deputy governor subir gokarn today said the greek debt crisis will not force the central bank to give up its hawkish ...

the indian rupee appreciated by 11 paise to 45 a dollar in early trade today helped by increased capital inflows by foreign funds ...

while returns on investment have helped non-life insurance companies register profits, they are yet to show profit from their ...

citi india today announced the appointment of five executives in senior roles, including head of strategy and head of human ...

two private life insurance companies are set to see a change of guard. while bharti axa life s chief executive officer ...

reserve bank of india governor d subbarao has said india, being a current account-deficit country, is more vulnerable to sudden ...

blackstone group lp, thomas h. lee partners lp and tpg capital are in talks to pay more than $15 billion including debt for ...

new york university professor nouriel roubini said greece and other laggards in the euro area may be forced to ...

following hot on the heels of monday morning s shock announcement of a trillion dollar safety net for an increasingly shaky ...

international finance corporation (ifc), a world bank group arm, is planning to invest around $150 million (around rs 660 crore) ...

the swiss government proposed measures designed to curb risk-taking at ubs ag and credit suisse group ag as it bids to win ...

commercial vehicle financier shriram transport finance corp (stfc) plans to tap the debt market to raise up to rs 500 crore ...

insurance giant allianz today reported a four-fold growth in first quarter net profit to euro 1.58 billion ($1.97 billion), ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) did not trade in dollars during the four months to march, 2010, despite heavy inflows of foreign ...

the german cabinet has approved the country s share of a massive 750 billion-euro (nearly a trillion-dollar) financial rescue ...

helped by strong demand recovery, bajaj auto finance has posted a 67 per cent rise in its net profit at rs 25.2 crore for fourth ...

dhanlaxmi bank has posted a 74.8 per cent drop in net profit to rs 5.6 crore for the fourth quarter ended march 2010, as against ...

private sector lender kotak mahindra bank reported 99 per cent growth in the consolidated net profit for the quarter ended march ...

after reeling under losses for almost a decade, life insurance companies are now turning the tide. four life insurers have, so ...

the faceoff between banks and companies on forex derivatives losses took a new turn last week, with the tirupur-based ...

competition in retail banking is likely to intensify with yes bank s plan to enter the home, personal education loan ...

srei is planning to launch a $500 million international infrastructure fund, in which the company is looking to rope in ...

despite a vibrant primary market, private equity (pe) players are choosing secondary markets and strategic sales to exit ...

private sector dhanlaxmi bank plans to stabilise its branch operations and aims to grow its business to rs 20,000-crore this ...

it may be difficult for scheduled commercial banks (scb) to comply with the new provisioning coverage ratio of 70 per cent by ...

the escalating debt crisis in greece and the fears of the contagion engulfing a few other euro zone economies may prompt the ...

the rupee recovered strongly against the us dollar on monday, reflecting market comfort with the $1-trillion rescue package for ...

the greek debt crisis could trigger short-term vulnerability in the indian markets, though its long-term impact might not be ...

the nashik district administration, as per rbi guidelines, has prepared rs. 4,457.99 crore district-level annual credit plan for ...

the us federal reserve will restart its emergency currency-swap tool by providing as many dollars as needed to european central ...

the escalating debt crisis in greece and the fears of the contagion engulfing a few other eurozone economies may prompt the ...

goldman sachs could end up paying $1 billion (670 million pounds) fine if it wants to settle the criminal lawsuit with the us ...

the state bank of india (sbi) has won the prestigious asian banker achievement award for being the strongest bank in asia pacific ...

market regulator the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) today said it would allow more currency derivatives products ...

the indian rupee appreciated sharply by 40 paise against the dollar in early trade today largely on the back of fresh capital ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) and the union government are working in tandem to make banks push the agenda on inclusive growth, ...

the world bank has approved a $117.70 million (around rs 517 crore) ida credit to improve the quality of and access to health ...

public sector lender uco bank s proposed foray into dubai has been kept on hold due to global recession and dubai economic ...

four state-run banks--vijaya bank, central bank of india, uco bank and united bank of india --are likely to get rs 1,500 crore as ...

mumbai, may 9 (pti) crisis-ridden private-sector lender, bank of rajasthan s promoter, p k tayal today ruled out any possibility ...

infrastructure funds are expected to fare well in the next three-years as investments in the sector will increase substantially ...

bajaj allianz life insurance posted a profit of rs 427 crore in 2009-10 as against rs 41 crore in the previous year. after ...

bank of india (boi) has reported a 47 per cent drop in net profit in the fourth quarter ended march due to a sharp rise in ...

commercial banks in karnataka are planning to extend insurance and other banking services to targeted beneficiaries to all ...

the cost of insuring against losses on european bank bonds soared to a record, surpassing levels triggered by the collapse of ...

axis bank today announced the launch of its hong kong website, which would have details on the products and services offered by ...

private sector lender icici bank today claimed that it continues to be the second largest bank in the country in terms of total ...

lawyers of embattled goldman sachs met with representatives of the us market regulator sec this week, a move seen as an attempt ...

new delhi, may 7 (pti) private equity (pe) and venture capital (vc) funding in india needs to increase three-fold to $30 billion ...

private equity (pe) and venture capital (vc) funding in india needs to increase three-fold to $30 billion annually from the ...

rajat gupta, the goldman sachs group inc director who is being investigated by the us authorities over his links to galleon group ...

with rising volatility in currency markets in the wake of the debt crisis engulfing europe, banks have begun to ask indian ...

partha dev datta has joined as the new assistant general manager of the bhubaneswar circle of allahabad bank. datta, 52, joined ...

issuances of certificates of deposit (cds) continued to decline today as banks were not keen on raising funds due to the abundant ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has rejected a proposal by some banks for having borrower-specific base rates. it has also not ...

in an effort to step up credit to farmers, state bank of india (sbi) has slashed interest rates on crop loans above rs 3 lakh and ...

the super-rich clients of wealth management firms are no more enchanted with just equity. they are looking at the fixed income ...

india s inflation rate would slow down to between 5.5 per cent and 6.5 per cent by march 2011, state bank of india (sbi) ...

the andhra pradesh grameena vikas bank (apgvb), a regional rural bank (rrb) sponsored by the state bank of india (sbi), is ...

government-owned union bank of india reported a 27.5 per cent rise in net profit for the quarter ended march to rs 594 crore, ...

state-run punjab national bank (pnb) on thursday reported a 31.1 per cent jump in net profit for the quarter ended march 2010. ...

global banking major standard chartered is looking at roping in anchor investors for its indian depository receipts (idr) issue ...

the us market regulator sec is looking into the disclosures made by warren buffett s berkshire hathaway related to the group s ...

bank of rajasthan (bor) promoters tayals today said that their stake was not up for sale, contrary to reports that discussions ...

multi commodity exchange of india ltd (mcx), the country s largest commodity futures trading platform, was conferred on the ...

after many attempts at trying to convince the rbi to elucidate the exchange rate policy for india, mr. a v rajwade, a noted and ...

i am 35 and have a term plan (cover rs 25 lakh) with an insurance company. my annual premium is around rs 8,500. i have come ...

max bupa health insurance, a joint venture between max india limited and international healthcare company bupa, is targeting to ...

the rise of the rupee against the dollar has turned out to be a damper for global funds operated by mutual funds here. although ...

hsbc bank is betting big on expansion of its small and medium enterprises (sme) business in india. the bank is bullish on having ...

essar steel holdings has cancelled its plan to raise about $750 million (rs 3,360 crore) through dollar-denominated bonds, amid ...

top-rated indian companies have seen a 10-20 basis points (bps) rise in credit spreads following greece s sovereign debt ...

issuances of certificates of deposit (cds) fell on wednesday because banks preferred to remain on the sidelines due to the ...

non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) ramped up their presence in the structured finance market in 2009-10, while banks, ...

the government is open to the idea of providing financial support to banks for implementing financial inclusion, as the lenders ...

bajaj finserv will launch a wealth management business, including financial products distribution and advisory services, for ...

outstanding credit of commercial banks declined by rs 26,483 crore, from rs 32,41,224 crore to rs 32,14,741 crore at end of april ...

british insurer prudential today said it had decided to delay launching a rights issue aimed at helping to fund a ...

country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today said it has selected us-based elavon incorporation and visa ...

following changes in the forex rules, travellers going abroad can get up to $3,000 or its equivalent amount in other currencies ...

singapore s state-owned investment house temasek holdings (private) ltd today said that it has received regulatory approvals to ...

certificates of deposit maturing up to six-months were mostly issued today because mutual funds (mfs) were only keen on investing ...

indiafirst resumed operations on january 15 this year and has already mopped up a pan-india premium of rs 200 crore by the end of ...

after trying to reform unit-linked insurance plans (ulips), the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is now ...

andhra bank plans to add 15 new branches in the states of punjab, haryana, uttaranchal, and jammu and kashmir next year. the ...

state-owned allahabad bank is planning to add 90-95 branches to its existing network of 2,312 over the next three years, of which ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked banks to develop skill sets to make lending to the infrastructure sector more ...

the new norms for unit-linked insurance plans (ulips) released on monday are part of the periodic review of regulatory guidelines ...

prudential plc s largest stakeholder, capital group cos, rarely makes a concerted push to influence corporate management. ...

the european economic crisis could be an opportunity for indian corporate houses. leading investment bankers say assets, ...

manipal-based public sector lender, syndicate bank, today reported an 18.5 per cent drop in net profit at rs 168.2 crore for the ...

online banking frauds are on the rise, with the number of cases more than doubling over the past three years, parliament was ...

in the broadest sense of the word, it was possible to ascribe an absolute value to currencies as recently as 1971. however, it ...

the market saw few certificates of deposit (cds) being issued on monday, as banks preferred to remain on the sidelines noting the ...

uco bank chairman and managing director sk goel is set to take over as the new chairman of india infrastructure finance company ...

foreign direct investment (fdi) norms that classify icici bank as foreign-owned were unlikely to impede the group s ...

the government has decided to chalk out a two-year programme to push financial inclusion initiatives by banks to bring it in line ...

nothing deters the women who form a snaking queue in front of the partly constructed building that is the office of bandhan, a ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today tightened the norms for unit-linked insurance and pension plans, ...

public sector lender united bank of india (ubi) on monday reported a 65 per cent drop in net profit at rs 46.22 crore for the ...

government-owned uco bank has recorded an over three-fold rise in net profit to rs 380 crore for the quarter ended march 31, ...

central bank of india on monday reported a 174.65 per cent rise in net profit to rs 171.68 crore during january-march compared to ...

the country s largest home loan company, housing development finance corporation (hdfc), has posted a 26 per cent rise in ...

under fire from many a corner, goldman sachs is looking to change some of its practices in dealing with institutional clients, a ...

before his elevation to the new post, john was the chief general manager and chief financial officer of the bank, a federal bank ...

icici group does not see any problems to its expansion plans due to the government s fdi norms that classify the bank as ...

private sector lender kotak mahindra bank today said its board will meet on may 11 to consider a proposal for the sub-division of ...

berkshire hathaway inc s warren buffett praised goldman sachs group inc chief executive officer lloyd blankfein and said ...

to attract more investment into mutual funds, the association of mutual funds in india (amfi) has asked the ...

max bupa health insurance, a new entrant in health insurance sector in the country, plans to infuse around rs 550 crore in the ...

bancassurance, or selling insurance, products through bank branchers, will play a crucial role in the overall development of the ...

insurance regulator irda has directed new delhi-based radiant overseas to stop selling insurance policies of a ukraine insurer as ...

concerned over the exploitation of credit card holders, a parliamentary committee has suggested that rbi should prescribe maximum ...

berkshire hathaway inc swung to a profit in the first quarter as rising markets increased the value of investments, and a ...

emirates nbd, a leading bank in the region, today launched as part of its nri services, a special online remittance facility for ...

public sector lender allahabad bank has recorded a 15 per cent dip in net profit to rs 224.50 crore for the quarter ended march ...

the country s largest public sector lender, state bank of india (sbi), has extended its special home loan scheme, popularly ...

the bangalore-based public sector lender, vijaya bank, aims to achieve a 23 per cent credit growth with greater emphasis on ...

government-owned uco bank has recorded over three fold increase in net profit at rs 380 crore for the quarter ended 31 march ...

greece, which is bogged down by an intensifying debt crisis, has agreed to a 24 billion euro austerity package that includes wage ...

the government today said icici bank and hdfc bank cannot be called indian-owned banks, setting at rest the debate generated over ...

federal prosecutors in new york have opened a criminal investigation into trading practices of goldman sachs and could pursue ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) today reported a 61.9 per cent rise in net profit to rs 317.04 crore for the january-march ...

commercial vehicle financier shriram transport finance reported a 72 per cent jump in net profit to rs 264.42 crore for the ...

state-owned lender andhra bank posted a net profit of rs 240.29 crore for the quarter ended march 31, up 19.42 per cent from rs ...

falling cost of funds and healthy growth in core business helped private sector lender ing vysya bank to post 38 per cent growth ...

reserve bank of india deputy governor kc chakrabarty today said he did not see the need for monetary tightening before the policy ...

sonjoy chatterjee, executive director (ed) of icici bank, has put in his papers and will soon join us-based investment bank ...

the government is likely to continue taking a share of interest income from banks on stake sale of state-run companies, despite ...

state bank of travancore (sbt) registered a 13 per cent increase in net profit to rs 217.22 crore for the quarter ended march ...

inflation has reached its peak and is expected to ease in the next two-three quarters, icici bank chairman kv kamath said here ...

icici group s sonjoy chatterjee, the man in charge of icici bank s corporate, investment and international banking, has quit -- ...

more than two years after the centre announced the debt relief scheme (drs) for the farmers, andhra bank has announced its own ...

insurance companies planning to launch new unit-linked insurance plans (ulips) can approach the insurance regulatory and ...

international finance corporation (ifc), part of the world bank group, is planning to invest around $25 million (rs 110 crore) in ...

credit default swap (cds) spreads for indian companies rose on tuesday in the wake of standard poor s move to ...

bangalore-based public sector lender canara bank has reported a 30 per cent drop in net profit at rs 503 crore for the fourth ...

a c mahajan, chairman and managing director, canara bank said, we have crossed three important milestones during the ...

public sector lender bank of baroda (bob) posted a 20.4 per cent rise in net profit for the quarter ended march on the back of a ...

the yield on government bonds fell today on rating downgrade for greek sovereign bonds and indications of a drop in headline ...

housing development finance corporation s (hdfc s) board of directors will consider a proposal to split the mortgage ...

the government-run power finance corporation (pfc) wants to increase its presence in the rapidly growing renewable energy sector. ...

lic housing finance (lichf) has reported 35.51 per cent growth in net profit at rs 231.51 crore for the quarter ended march 31, ...

every day, in the context of exchange rate management in india, one comes across proponents of a model called reer. reer has ...

as standard and poor s today downgraded greece s credit rating to junk status and cut portugal s rating by two ...

the sovereign rating downgrades for greece and portugal are likely to push up the cost of overseas borrowing for indian ...

the government announced the auction of new 10-year sovereign bond on monday to end all speculation with regard to the issuance ...

insurance companies planning to go ahead with the launch of new unit linked insurance plans (ulips) may have to face criminal ...

the pension fund regulatory development authority (pfrda) is likely to allocate rs 4,100 crore in 2010-11 among the three pension ...

public sector lender dena bank posted a 23.39 per cent increase in net profit to rs 137.07 crore for the quarter-ended march 31, ...

riding on low cost of distribution, sbi life insurance, the largest private life insurer, posted a net profit of rs 276 crore for ...

private sector lender yes bank recorded a 74.8 per cent increase in net profit to rs 140 crore for the quarter ended march 31, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on tuesday said it was not considering imposition of tobin tax at present, but the proposal was ...

ananta capital, an alternative investment fund set up in august last year, is raising a total of $150 million for its two funds ...

private sector lender yes bank today said its net profit rose by 74.79 per cent to rs 140.03 crore for the fourth quarter ended ...

reflecting the economic slowdown, the market for securitisation dipped for the second year in a row. overall volume declined 22 ...

riding on recovery in auto sales and retail health segments, the general insurance industry recorded 13.4 per cent growth in ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) had not issued an extension to all banks to achieve 70 per cent provision cover and would treat ...

while confidence about the economy among companies has already climbed to pre-crisis levels, consumer confidence is yet to bounce ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has expressed deep concern over asset-liability mismatches (alms) in banks balance sheets, ...

main street teamed up with wall street to produce something the four biggest us lenders haven t had since the banking ...

with advance tax payment of rs 1,405 crore, up 14.2 per cent from previous fiscal, stanchart stood as the 16th highest taxpayer ...

credit growth, which stood at 16.6 per cent last fiscal, is likely to pick-up by the end of the second quarter of this fiscal, a ...

financial services major bank of america s (bofa) two directors -- frank bramble and charles holliday -- have emerged as the ...

sequoia capital, which invested in gold loan company mannapuram general finance and leasing (mgfl), exited from it after selling ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh) posted a 49.25 per cent increase in net profit to rs 257.13 crore for the quarter ended march 31, ...

while acknowledging the prospects of large capital flows, reserve bank of india governor d subbarao has said these pose a ...

banks will have to soon put in place an additional authentication cover for their credit and debit card customers transacting ...

chennai-based public sector indian bank has reported a 4.03 per cent increase in net profit at rs 409.9 crore for the fourth ...

sachin tendulkar, the captain of mumbai indians, may miss sunday s indian premier league (ipl) final against chennai super ...

aided by strong growth in interest income, the country s second-largest private lender, hdfc bank, today reported a 32.6 ...

icici bank today said its consolidated net profit rose 79.27 per cent to rs 1,341.80 crore during the quarter ended march 2010, ...

india s second-largest, icici bank, today said that there was no immediate plan to hike its lending rates. as of now, there ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh) today said its net profit grew 34 per cent to rs 823 crore in the financial year ended march 31, ...

icici bank, the country s second-largest lender, expects credit demand to grow by 16 to 20 per cent in the year to march 2011, ...

indian bank today reported a 4.03 per cent increase in its net profit at rs 409.9 crore for the fourth quarter ended march 31, ...

private sector lender hdfc bank today reported a 32.61 per cent jump in its fourth quarter net profit at rs 836.62 crore.

non-life insurance companies will take a slight hit due to recent flight disruptions in europe. claims will arise from overseas ...

as part of a plan for implementation of the base rate system, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it would free interest ...

teaser home loan rates, which entice borrowers with a low fixed rate initially and then move to a floating rate, are a matter ...

ivr allows people to access their bank or credit card information through automated responses over the phone, instead of having ...

the state bank today said it is expecting to clock around 23 per cent growth in credit offtake this fiscal and expressed optimism ...

finacle, the banking product unit of infosys, is banking on financial inclusion and adoption of core banking solution (cbs) by ...

country s largest private sector lender icici bank has re-launched its special home loan plan, also called teaser rates, to ...

the government today approved rs 15,000 crore capital infusion in public sector banks (psbs) in the current fiscal, a move that ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) 25-25-25 approach in the monetary policy reflects its stance of ...

rbi has kept its reputation of being on the ball. rate hike could have been sharper and to the extent of 25 per cent basis point ...

rbi s policy for 2010-11 needs to be viewed in the backdrop of the economic scenario in india and globally. the ...

insurers witnessed a spurt in business during the last month of the financial year with contributions over 23 per cent of ...

the new india assurance is hopeful that its premium income may grow at 20 per cent in the current financial year with rising ...

a big gain in net interest income pushed up the net profit of bangalore-based public sector lender state bank of mysore (sbm), an ...

uncertainty over regulation of unit-linked insurance plans (ulips) is taking its toll on sale of new policies, while existing ...

an affidavit filed in the supreme court (sc) regarding a derivatives scam has alleged that regulatory agencies were part of a ...

mahindra finance, the non-banking financial arm of auto major mahindra mahindra, reported a 31 per cent increase in ...

bharti axa general insurance company limited is set to expand its network in kerala by setting up operations in alappuzha, ...

despite regulatory discomfort, teaser rates are back. less than a week after housing development finance corporation (hdfc) ...

federal reserve supervisors are telling about two dozen of the largest us banks they must do more to end pay practices that ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) is planning to undertake a pilot project on sustainable ...

india accounted for about 13 per cent of $10.1 billion loans disbursed by the asian development bank (adb) in 2009, though the ...

the international monetary fund (imf) has said the tightening of monetary policy by india is an appropriate step, as the ...

private sector dhanlaxmi bank has entered into an alliance with uti mutual fund (uti mf) under which it will offer the entire ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has told bankers that it will relax the 25 per cent ceiling on classifying bonds in the ...

indian bank has targeted to achieve total business of rs 2, 10,000 crore by the end of 2011-12, up from rs 1, 51,000 crore in ...

the management of state bank of india (sbi), bengal circle has asked members of state bank of india staff association (sbisa) to ...

in its total business to rs 86,314 crore during 2010-11. this comprises of rs 8,000 crore of advances and rs 10,000 crore of ...

the international monetary fund (imf) has proposed two new taxes on the financial industry to target excess profits ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has started the process to provide loans to the government ...

short-covering in real estate and banking stocks saw domestic equity markets close on a positive note on tuesday. interest ...

in order to improve service standards in banks, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has decided to set up a committee to look into ...

the reserve bank s credit policy on tuesday went more or less on expected lines. the central bank tightened liquidity but ...

leading banks lent 18 per cent more to car buyers in 2009-10 at rs 33,000 crore, compared with rs 28,000 crore in the previous ...

in spite of eroding confidence of private equity (pe) firms during the global downturn, a clutch of big global names, who till ...

international finance corporation (ifc), part of the world bank group, plans to invest $75 million (rs 330 crore) in ...

in a bid to tackle rising inflation, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today raised policy rates for the second time in as many ...

goldman sachs group inc, facing a fraud lawsuit from us regulators, reported first-quarter earnings that surpassed ...

the reserve bank today said it would come out with norms on salaries of ceos of private and foreign banks by june end, in a move ...

total income stood at rs 3,921.99 crore for the march quarter against rs 3,884.73 crore for the same period previous fiscal, axis ...

the reserve bank today said it will come out with a discussion paper on new norms for granting banking licences to private sector ...

market regulator securities and exchange board of india (sebi) has directed foreign institutional investors to disclose more ...

public sector dena bank has approached the government for infusion of rs 1,300 crore to meet capital requirement norms, a top ...

retail and corporate borrowers can breathe easy as bankers today said an immediate hike in lending rates is unlikely, although ...

banking stocks edged higher on the bombay stock exchange today on fresh round of investments following the less-than-expected ...

the rbi today hiked short-term lending and borrowing rates and the portion of money banks deposit with it by 25 basis points ...

the indian rupee appreciated by 16 paise to 44.57 a dollar in early trade today on the back of fresh capital inflows by foreign ...

capital market regulator securities exchange board of india (sebi) and insurance regulatory development authority ...

the reserve bank of india today issued draft norms prescribing the minimum period for which banks should hold loans on their ...

in the macroeconomic and monetary developments in 2009-10 , rbi said the growth outlook for the economy remains ...

goldman sachs group inc, accused by regulators last week of fraud in its mortgage-securities business, may show investors ...

the robust credit pick-up in the fourth quarter of 2009-10, which helped the banking system to top central bank s credit ...

goldman sachs group inc s stock may drop and the board could come under pressure to change managers after european ...

private sector banks managed a 70 basis points (bps) increase in credit growth in the 12 months to march 26, outshining their ...

an expected increase in capital inflows to india could put upward pressure on asset prices and the exchange rate and also ...

international finance corporation (ifc), a member of the world bank group, is assisting gujarat develop an educational project to ...

...capital inflows likely to be strong, may push up asset prices

the performance of core infrastructure decelerated in february this year at 4.5 per cent as compared to 9.4 per cent in january, ...

after slapping charges of fraud on goldman sachs, the us market regulator sec is probing whether other mortgage deals arranged by ...

loan disbursals by banks in september-december 2009 grew 12.2 per cent -- half the pace it recorded last year -- a trend that may ...

the reserve bank (rbi) will try to put the lid on inflation, which is nearly in the double-digit region, possibly by hiking key ...

the indian rupee depreciated by 25 paise to 44.57 a dollar in early trade today on capital outflows by foreign funds from ...

the government plans to tighten investment norms for non-resident indians (nri) in companies to ensure that they do not violate ...

dealers said treasuries would prefer to tread a cautious path ahead of rbi s policy to be unveiled on tuesday. there is ...

the initial comfort which the regulator drew from base rate mechanism that will be in place soon, to put an end to the teaser ...

leading microfinance player sks microfinance is planning to enter the banking space and is awaiting reserve bank of india s (rbi) ...

we have obtained board approval to raise rs 150 crore through a qip. this will, however, be done only in the next 6-12 ...

galleon group founder raj rajaratnam, who faces federal insider trading charges, sought to acquire secret information about ...

jammu and kashmir bank has got a big boost after the reserve bank of india gave permission to utilise common service centres, ...

the premium on fire and marine transit insurance covers is expected to increase by 10-15 per cent following the recent incidents ...

goldman sachs group inc. was sued by us regulators for fraud tied to collateralised debt obligations that contributed to the ...

the members of state bank of india staff association (sbisa), bengal circle, are irked over transfer orders of about 30 staffs to ...

with oil prices above the $80 a barrel mark, government oil marketing companies (omcs) are selling oil bonds to meet their ...

private sector indusind bank has reported 94 per cent growth in its net profit for the quarter ended march to rs 97.96 crore, ...

a consortium of bank of baroda (bob), indian overseas bank and andhra bank has received a commercial licence from the malaysian ...

india s foreign exchange reserves increased by $932 million to $280.028 billion for the week ended april 9 compared to $279.096 ...

shares of firstsource solutions today declined over 1 per cent on the bse on reports that icici bank is looking to reduce its ...

the state-run lender started offering 8 per cent loan under its produce marketing loan scheme last february with a view to save ...

the nation s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today said it does not see the bank s interest rates rising sharply in the ...

the state bank of india (sbi) today launched a defence salary package for the indian air force with an array of concessional ...

the singapore exchange (sgx) today announced a net profit of $74.6 million for the third quarter of 2010, up 35 per cent from an ...

lehman brothers holdings inc may have grounds to sue goldman sachs group inc and barclays plc after they demanded $1.2 billion in ...

jpmorgan chase co, wells fargo co and fifth third bancorp executives told us regulators last week that plans to ...

call money rate ended at reverse repo rate of 3.50 per cent as liquidity continued to remain ample in the banking system, dealers ...

rupee strengthened, snapping a two-day loss, on speculation global investors will pump more money into asian assets as economic ...

union bank of india, which recently concluded road shows for its medium-term notes (mtn) programme, is likely to wait till the ...

institutional desks of many brokerages in india are in the process of selling about rs 2,000 crore worth of equity holding of ...

housing finance major hdfc today lowered its home loan rate to 8.25 per cent for the first year in its new dual rate scheme, ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has released rs 1,008 crore of the centre s share of ...

jpmorgan chase co, the second- biggest us bank by assets, beat analysts estimates as first-quarter earnings rose 55 ...

swiss lawmakers, bowing to pressure from bankers representing 7.6 per cent of the nation s gross domestic product, are ...

ubs ag chief executive officer oswald gruebel said he s upbeat about the prospects for switzerland s biggest bank ...

apollo munich has asked for approval from the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) to launch optima vital, a ...

lutyens delhi today took centrestage in the standoff between mumbai-based markets regulator securities and exchange board ...

bailed out insurer american international group (aig) today said it will sell its portfolio of 53 aircraft to australia-based ...

in a sharp rebuff to market regulator the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) for banning issuance of any fresh ...

concerned over the ongoing public spat between the two regulators, the government today asked sebi and irda to move court ...

unhappy with the wage settlement, 80 per cent of state bank of india (sbi) officers in the senior management grade have resigned ...

the finance ministry will review the selection process for the posts of chairman and managing director (cmd) of eight public ...

global private equity (pe) firm carlyle group is planning to invest around $850 million (around rs 3,750 crore) in india in the ...

china s four largest publicly traded banks need 480 billion yuan ($70 billion) of capital to comply with regulatory ...

insurance and investment are two different needs. then, there are ulip pension plans with no sum assured. no wonder, there is ...

mumbai-based mortgage lender dewan housing finance (dhfl) today said it planned to launch a finance joint venture (jv) focused on ...

fifteen years ago, ajay banga, the then marketing director of pepsico in india, was involved in a public spat with madan lal ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) plans to raise up to rs 25,000 crore through non-convertible debentures (ncds) in ...

state-run lender punjab national bank (pnb) today ruled out any increase in interest rates in the near future saying there is ...

life insurance companies today said the government s intervention to end the turf war between the securities and exchange board ...

leading mortgage lender dewan housing finance (dhfl) plans to float a housing finance subsidiary targeting the low-income segment ...

since saturday, krishna chokhani, a mumbai-based insurance agent, has been getting calls from worried policyholders of ...

the village of jamburi hapsi, located a few hours off the road to the indore airport, has no bank branch in a 7-8 km radius. ...

the state-run national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) indicated that it has not rule out diversifying into ...

the country should welcome capital inflows and not place any direct restriction on such funds, chief economic adviser to the ...

the loans provided to the banking system by way of refinance for short-term crop production and long-term investment activities ...

members of the reserve bank of india (rbi) committee could not reach a consensus before issuing a set of directives on the base ...

international finance corporation (ifc), the lending arm of world bank, is planning to invest around $15 million (around rs 66 ...

the disbursement of investment credit by the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) to the karnataka ...

state-run allahabad bank has said its total business touched rs 1,79,000 crore during the 2009- 10 fiscal, exceeding the target ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard), which has begun the process of restructuring its operations, is ...

the asian development bank (adb) today said its lending rates will go up by 0.1 per cent from july 1 for all sovereign borrowers ...

reliance capital (r-cap), the holding company of anil ambani group s insurance ventures, today said regulator irda s direction to ...

the government today said the two regulators sebi and irda have agreed to maintain the status quo that existed before market ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard), which has begun the process of restructuring its business ...

about 3,500 villages in gujarat, each with more than 2,000 population, will get banking facilities thanks to initiative taken by ...

kotak mahindra mutual fund launches kotak credit opportunities fund, an open-ended debt scheme that aims to capture opportunities ...

swiss banking giant ubs today said it expects a pre-tax profit of at least 2.5 billion swiss francs ($2.36 billion) in the first ...

the stock services limited of vadodara stock exchange (vse-ssl) is ready for launching currency derivatives once its members ...

european governments put together a loan package worth at least 30 billion ($41 billion) for debt-burdened greece as they ...

the financial services arms of kerala-based muhoot pappachan group muthoot fincorp ltd (mfl) and muthoot capital services ...

visakhapatnam cooperative bank (vcb) has crossed the rs1,000-crore business mark. we had targeted to touch the rs ...

despite a substantial rise in the disbursement of funds year-on-year over the last few years from the national bank for ...

the yield on 10-year government paper is expected to remain beyond 8 per cent next week due to pressure from the higher cut-off ...

financial institution small industries development bank of india (sidbi) expects to raise about rs 15,000 crore in the present ...

banks are unlikely to fix their base rate at a very low level even though the reserve bank of india has given them the freedom to ...

pick up in banks credit offtake and declining dependence on expensive deposits are likely to help them to improve their margins ...

growing concerns about runaway inflation and signs of stable economic recovery may prompt the reserve bank to hike its key ...

public sector corporation bank was looking for overseas companies to partner with for its entry into the general insurance ...

as many as three global financial companies, including citibank, credit suisse group and jp morgan have abandoned their brokerage ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee today said it was time to revisit some of the age-old financial sector norms to usher in the ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee today hinted at further roll-back of stimulus measures announced in the wake of the global ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today gave freedom to banks in deciding their base rate. banks may choose any benchmark to ...

the disbursement of investment credit by the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) to karnataka government ...

srei sahaj e-village limited, a subsidiary of the kolkata-based srei infrastructure finance limited, has tied up with dlf ...

private sector insurer hdfc standard life insurance, which aims to break even by march 2012, today said it is planning to come ...

british insurer aviva plc is all set to re-enter the general insurance market in asia after a gap of five years, mainly to ...

the state-run central bank of india today said despite weak demand its loan book grew by a robust 23 per cent in the ...

the government today said rupee appreciation has not been that sharp as to hurt indian exports, rebuffing exporters ...

reliance mutual fund (mf) today said it has tied-up with financial planning standards board india (fpsb india) to train the ...

major american banks, including citigroup and goldman sachs, temporarily lowered their debt in the past five quarters before ...

kerala-based federal bank today launched its portfolio investment (pis) scheme for nris in tie up with geojit bnp paribas ...

the aggregate deposits of various banks in gujarat have increased by 13.55 per cent for the quarter ended december 2009, while ...

charles o chuck prince and robert rubin, citigroup inc s former leaders, face a grilling by the financial ...

ever thought of getting paid an allowance when your car is in the workshop it s not as improbable as it seems. for, ...

investment bankers managing the standard chartered idr (indian depository receipts) issue have sought clarity from the market ...

the national housing bank (nhb) is in talks with a us-based insurance company to set up a mortgage guarantee company which will ...

the national insurance vimosewa cooperative ltd, promoted by the self-employed women s association, (sewa), is assisting the ...

united bank of india (ubi) today said it is focusing on lending to agriculture and sme sectors with special emphasis on the ...

the uk financial regulator has imposed a fine of 4.2 million pounds on three entities, including swiss banking major credit ...

focusing on financial inclusion dena bank has proposed to open 150 new branches across the country this fiscal, a top official ...

kolkata-based lsi financial services , which got securities and exchange board of india (sebi) licence for merchant banking ...

a reserve bank panel has suggested doubling the limit of collateral-free loans to rs 10 lakh for micro and small enterprises ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has released rs 1,008 crore towards recapitalisation assistance ...

jp morgan chase is set to enter the corporate banking space in india, offering a suite of services such as providing working ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has asked state cooperative banks (scbs) to prepare a roadmap ...

state-owned indian bank, which has crossed a business of rs 1.5 lakh crore, aimed to become a zero net non-performing asset (npa) ...

k g karmakar, managing director, nabard, said in 2009-10, the bank disbursed rs 12,000 crore as investment credit and had set a ...

the us would closely work with india to promote greater and more balanced economic cooperation between the two nations, visiting ...

as the assam industrial development corporation ltd (aidcl) comes looking for potential investors for the upcoming tinsukia ...

in a bid to enable the msmes (micro, small and medium enterprises) to import technology and equipment from usa, the export import ...

icici lombard general insurance company limited in association with the union ministry of textiles, government of india, has ...

in line with the turnaround in the economic climate, the number of rating upgrades, reflecting improvement in the financial ...

private sector lender indusind bank today said it has lined up a slew of branding activities in the coming year and has earmarked ...

country s third-largest private sector lender, axis bank, today said lending rates in the banking industry is poised to move up ...

having made all preparations to resume trading, the delhi stock exchange (dse) -- shut for the past eight years-- is awaiting ...

seattle-based washington real estate holdings today said it has acquired st. regis monarch beach resort, which received unwelcome ...

the financial industry regulatory authority (finra) has fined citigroup $650,000 for violation of disclosure and supervisory ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today intervened in the foreign exchange market, albeit in a small way, resulting in the rupee ...

india s best quarter for stock sales in at least six years was accompanied by a slump in fees as investment banks competed ...

on the sidelines of a meeting here, sbi chairman op bhatt said, we will wait for the april policy and then decide (whether ...

private sector lender indusind bank today announced about raising rs 420 crore, including a greenshoe option, through tier-ii ...

our credit growth during 2009-10 had been 19 per cent and this year we are expecting expansion of 20-21 per cent during the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has directed urban cooperative banks not to treat the accounts of the farmers covered under the ...

the us government has earned $10 billion from the bailout money paid by banks so far, according to a report that also suggests ...

deutsche bank s mutual fund arm, deutsche asset management today launched dws global agribusiness offshore fund, which is a ...

the income tax (it) department will recommend de-freezing of about 100 demat accounts after it found the claims of a few ...

treasury secretary timothy f geithner, by delaying a report on global currency policies, is betting international diplomacy will ...

state-owned oriental bank of commerce (obc) might consider an upward revision in its deposit and lending rates after the reserve ...

banks have requested the reserve bank of india (rbi) to bring down the risk weight on housing loans to 35 per cent for loans up ...

bonds with built-in protection against rating cuts are making up a record share of debt issues as investors hedge against a ...

banks which have sanctioned less than 50 cases are andhra bank (16), corporation bank (33), indian bank (16), indian overseas ...

after getting an equity capital of rs 118.2 crore in the third round of capital infusion at march-end, bhartiya samruddhi finance ...

the move to the daily average method of computing interest on savings accounts from april 1 will not materially impact ...

after remaining under pressure towards the close of the financial year, liquidity conditions in the inter-bank market improved on ...

bankers expect the reserve bank of india (rbi) to resort to further monetary tightening by increasing policy rates as well as the ...

idbi bank today said it has tied up with venture infotek, a transaction management company, to launch its internet payment ...

the country s two largest private sector lenders--icici bank and hdfc bank--today played down concerns about being treated as ...

swiss banking major credit suisse today said it has appointed aditya mishra as head of its operations in delhi with immediate ...

private equity fund il fs investments ltd has acquired an 82 per cent stake in tiruchirappalli-based gk industrial park pvt ...

the central bank of india has said it will sign a deal with an asset reconstruction company (arc) to sell non-performing assets ...

accounting regulator icai s probe panel has hit out at banks for not doing due diligence on satyam computer services before ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard), west bengal, has recorded a 13 per cent increase in business at ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will meet bankers on monday to take stock of the current macro-economic situation and take note ...

bankers in madhya pradesh have posted a decline in direct housing finance during the last three years. according to reserve bank ...

exchange rate fluctuation has inflated india s external debt by $18.7 billion (about rs 90,000 crore) during the three-month ...

we will expect this (indiafirst life insurance) company to break even by the next five years, bob chairman and ...

state-owned union bank of india will raise retail term deposit rates by 25 to 50 basis points with effect from monday, the bank ...

we would expect this (indiafirst life insurance) company to break even by the next five years, bob chairman and ...

credit disbursement for agricultural and allied activities by the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) in ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned rs 44.20 crore for forest conservation in six ...

with the economic turnaround now on a firm wicket, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has made restructuring of debt by companies ...

the angul united central cooperative bank limited (auccb) has become the second cooperative bank in orissa to have got the ...

the government-run national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) did business worth a record rs 1.36 lakh crore in ...

cbi has arrested the chairman and two directors of a listed company in ahmedabad for allegedly defrauding andhra bank of around ...

the country s largest lender the state bank of india had announced an upward revision in its foreign currency deposit rates ...

country s foreign exchange reserves fell by $1.151 billion to $277.042 billion for the week ended march 26, against $278.193 ...

financial services major jpmorgan chase s chief executive office jamie dimon is believed to be preparing his succession plans and ...

market regulator sebi has directed stock exchanges to post all their regulatory orders and arbitration awards on websites from ...

financial institution small industries development bank of india (sidbi) today said it expects about $600 million from ...

the reserve bank has liberalised investment norms for indian telecom companies by allowing them to invest in international ...

japanese finance minister naoto kan said today he has no plans to pressure china to reform the yuan s exchange rate when he meets ...

the district consumer redressal forum has directed the hdfc bank to pay a customer the total amount which had been transferred ...

canada has called upon india to further open its banking and insurance sectors so that canadian banks and insurance companies can ...

reserve bank of india governor d subbarao today said the central bank needed to learn to manage economic and regulatory policies ...

after months of litigation and political scrutiny, the federal reserve yesterday ended a policy of secrecy over its bear stearns ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has pumped into the rural banking sector of madhya pradesh a ...

signaling a change in nature of complaints being filed with the insurance ombudsman for orissa, there is a gradual increase in ...

after a road accident, when an insurance surveyor assessed that ashwin trivedi should get 75 per cent of the claim for damage to ...

the country s largest private sector lender, icici bank, on thursday said credit offtake will pick from july putting ...

mergers and acquisitions gained momentum in the first quarter with more than 2,034 cross-border transactions and 10 hostile ...

the state-run lender union bank of india today said its total business since inception will soon cross the rs 3-lakh crore-mark, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will hike short-term lending and borrowing rates by 25 basis points each in its april policy ...

the country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) has extended its 8 per cent special home loan scheme, popularly known as ...

the country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today said it plans to hire this fiscal about 15,000 business ...

state bank of india (sbi) today hiked its interest rates on foreign currency non-resident bank deposits and non-resident external ...

t m bhasin was today appointed as public sector indian bank s chairman and managing director. he succeeds m s sundarajan, ...

the country s largest private sector lender, icici bank, today said credit offtake will pick from july putting pressure on ...

tiger global management, a new york-based investment company with close to $2 billion in assets under management, has shut its ...

bangalore, dubbed the silicon valley of india, has had many instances of innovative ideas of individuals taking wings and giving ...

with yields on government bonds closing higher at the end of march over the third quarter (december 2009), most banks are ...

savings bank account holders are a happier lot. the reason they will earn more on their deposits from april. however, this ...

india s total external debt increased 11.9 per cent to $251.4 billion as on december 31, 2009, over march 31, 2009, ...

the nainital bank has raised rs 30 crore through a right issue to expand its capital adequacy ratio (car) to 14 per cent. after ...

power bonds have been issued by various states to psus in terms of the tripartite agreements among 27 states, the union power ...

as india and china look forward to firm up their diplomatic relations, industrial commercial bank of china (icbc) announced that ...

eyeing a larger share of the retail market, private sector lender, yes bank has chalked out plans to offer a host of retail loan ...

savings accounts would yield higher returns starting tomorrow, when banks switch to a new system that calculates interest on ...

small finance banks need to be set up in order to achieve the government s objective of making banking services available to ...

it is not often that the regulator and chief executives of insurance companies come together to discuss issues facing the ...

to encourage insurers to be diligent in their underwriting, india s sole homegrown reinsurer has offered to share a portion ...

axa sa and national australia bank ltd agreed to buy asset manager axa asia pacific holdings ltd for a$13.3 billion ($12.3 ...

dbs bank sees its india operations growing at 20-25 per cent over the next couple of years as it realigns its business strategy ...

he would be replaced by the present deputy managing director srinivas acharya, the company said in a filing to the bombay stock ...

the rupee appreciated by 3 paise to rise to a nearly 19-month high of 44.92 a $ in early trade today on capital inflows by ...

anil ambani-promoted reliance life insurance is understood to be in talks with global insurance players, including swiss re, to ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic), the country s largest institutional investor, is planning to pump in at least rs ...

any further hike in policy rates by the reserve bank of india(rbi) is expected to dampen the demand for the residential real ...

public sector bank of baroda (bob) started marketing a benchmark five-and-a-half-year dollar bonds, becoming the third indian ...

taking ahead the process of consolidating associate banks, state bank of india (sbi) has decided to issue 34 of its shares for ...

non-resident indian (nri)-businessman surachan chawla is likely to offload 14.5 per cent of the stake held in kerala-based ...

deccan grameen bank (dgb), a regional rural bank sponsored by state bank of hyderabad, would add 20 branches in 2010-11 to serve ...

bank deposits in tamil nadu increased 16.54 per cent during the year ended december 2009, to rs 2,55,735 crore, according to the ...

private sector lender axis bank today said it would open 30 more branches over the next two days and is planning to seek 250 ...

mumbai, mar 29 (pti) shortly after launching the general insurance business, the country s largest lender state bank today ...

dealers said the yield on 10-year benchmark (6.35 per cent 2020 paper) had moved up beyond 8-per-cent mark for a while on monday ...

private sector lender axis bank today said it is in talks with max new york life to acquire up to five per cent stake in the ...

the government has assured the high level committee on financial markets (hlcc) that it will not finalise the roadmap for the ...

tamil nadu-based city union bank (cub) is planning to raise around rs 1,000 crore over the next three years to support its ...

sbi general insurance today launched its operation in a limited geographical area. it has received regulatory approval for two ...

non-payment of loans by small borrowers has led to increase in volume of non-performing assets (npa) in the banking sector, ...

taking a cue from its bigger counterparts like state bank of india and icici bank, government-owned lender, bank of india has ...

focused on grid connected renewable power projects, the maharashtra energy development agency (meda) is gearing itself to achieve ...

the government has identified 13 public sector banks for capital infusion of rs 16,500 crore during the next financial year. this ...

jpmorgan chase co, lehman brothers holdings inc and ubs ag were among more than a dozen wall street firms involved in a ...

the instances of fake currency detection continue to occur despite a slew of measures initiated by the reserve bank of india ...

catamaran venture fund, set up by nr narayana murthy, the chairman and chief mentor of infosys, has made its first investment. ...

axis bank has raised $350 million from the global financial market by issuing five-and-a-half-year bonds under its medium-term ...

insurance regulatory development authority (irda) chairman j hari narayan on friday acknowledged the difference of opinion ...

shareholders of the country s largest mortgage financier, housing development and finance corporation (hdfc), may be in for ...

the us department of treasury plans to sell its 27 per cent stake in citigroup inc, says a media report. the stake selling is ...

swiss banking major ubs will lay off nearly 200 employees, including 25 managing directors, at its brokerage unit in the us, says ...

reinstating west bengal s focus on agriculture, the total priority sector lending for the state for 2010-11 has been projected ...

bank of baroda (bob) aims to cover 750 villages of gujarat with a population less than 2000 people by way of information and ...

idbi bank today said it has filed for $1.5 billion (6.82 lakh crore) through a medium-term note (mtn) programme, but would raise ...

gaining traction from the economic turnaround, the annual growth in bank credit has for the first time exceeded the reserve bank ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said the banking sector was in a position to withstand asset quality stress even if loans ...

given that companies today operate in a climate of increased global economic volatility, it is critical they hedge their exposure ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it was ideally placed to address financial stability issues on account of the multiple ...

for the first time, the reserve bank of india (rbi) said it should be privy to information on activities of investment banks ...

if you are planning to buy your dream home, you still have something to cheer about amidst the buzz that lending and property ...

a day after bank of india revived its medium-term note (mtn) issue, private sector lender axis bank today announced that it ...

the banking sector is resilient enough and even in a worst-case scenario where all restructured standard loans were to become ...

there could be pressure on yields on the back of emergent pressures on the inflation front and the large fiscal borrowing ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) indicated another round of policy rate increases with governor d subbarao suggesting more ...

south indian bank (sib) is aiming at a business turnover of rs 48,000 crore in the next financial year, according to its ...

icra online (icron), a subsidiary of rating firm icra, and belgium-based society for worldwide interbank financial ...

indian bank has launched visa business cards for corporate and sme clientele segments. it also launched atm cards for its ...

barclays continues to be optimistic about its prospects in the country. this despite the fact that its experience as a commercial ...

with easing of spreads in global capital markets, bank of india (boi) is back with its foreign currency bond offering to raise ...

portugal s credit grade was cut by fitch ratings, underscoring growing concern that europe s weakest economies will ...

chinese executives are joining us president barack obama in backing a stronger yuan, even as premier wen jiabao says the currency ...

banking facilities are still a distant dream for a majority of the indians despite the nationalization of banks in 1969 and to ...

the government has allowed india infrastructure finance company ltd (iifcl) to use approximately one-third of its rs 10,000-crore ...

federal reserve bank of kansas city president thomas hoenig urged the us to ban proprietary trading at banks and overhaul ...

the state bank of india (sbi) has committed $1.5 billion (around rs 6,900 crore) to telecom giant bharti to part finance its ...

the us treasury department is likely to label china as a currency manipulator in a report due in mid-april, but the move would be ...

as germany becomes isolated in its opposition to the european union s financial support to bail out debt-ridden greece, ...

private sector lender bank of rajasthan (bor), which is neck-deep in regulatory troubles, is understood to have identified two ...

in an effort to clear hurdles to starting a repo market for corporate bonds, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said the ...

the risk aversion of individuals and the implementation of the sixth pay commission s recommendations are showing on small ...

public sector bank bank of baroda (bob) has launched a mobile micro loan factory (mmlf) in sultanpur district of uttar pradesh as ...

global investment banker goldman sachs is keen to set up a bank in the country and has approached the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

the country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today said it will approach the government next fiscal to seek approval to ...

the yield on government bonds eased towards close after the 10-year benchmark yield jumped to near 18-month high in a knee-jerk ...

thrissur-based dhanlaxmi bank on monday entered the retail assets business with the launch of dhanlaxmi bank platinum and gold ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said its recent hike in key short-term rates was needed to make growth sustainable as ...

financial services firms are expecting a further hike in the key rates in april by the reserve bank of india (rbi), which last ...

kerala-based private sector lender dhanlaxmi bank today said it would raise rs 200 crore in last week of march from bonds to ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee today said financial understanding has assumed greater importance in the wake of the global ...

financial services major citigroup plans to hire nomura holdings colin banfield as its head of mergers and acquisitions for the ...

the surprise rate hike last week by the reserve bank of india (rbi) has raised worries about banks having to set aside higher ...

the karnataka central cooperative (kcc) bank, the district central cooperative bank for dharwad, haveri and gadag districts, will ...

the diversified neesa group, which operates 10 business and leisure hotels under cambay brand across india, will invest rs 100 ...

us insurers, holders of more than $2.2 trillion in corporate debt, bought the bonds at the fastest pace in five years in 2009, ...

the intentions of the policymakers to uplift the economically weaker sections by extending financial help under the differential ...

indiafirst life insurance, promoted by bank of baroda, andhra bank and the british firm legal general, expects to close the ...

sbi has opened 1,000 branches during this year and plans to open more than 1,000 branches next year, sbi said in a ...

state bank of india on saturday said it is awaiting reserve bank of india s clearance to acquire up to 30 per cent stake in ...

former federal reserve chairman alan greenspan said the central bank and other us regulators failed during the ...

federal reserve chairman ben s bernanke said government bailouts of large financial firms were unconscionable and ...

ruling out any immediate rise in lending rates, the state bank of india today said it will wait for the reserve bank of india s ...

the government and rbi will ensure a level playing field for existing banks while allowing entry to new players who will have to ...

the country s largest lender sbi today said that it has no plans to hike lending rates immediately, and would wait for further ...

public sector lender uco bank has firmed up plans to raise funds through a follow-on public offer (fpo) by issuing 60 million ...

morgan stanley asia chairman stephen roach said that paul krugman s call to push china to allow a stronger yuan is ...

india is likely to witness an over 8 per cent economic growth in the fiscal 2010-11, driven by good investment and consumption ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today raised key policy rates by 25 basis points (bps) to mark a reversal of its easy monetary ...

rising inflation might put upward pressure on interest rates in the near future, said public sector lender bank of baroda (bob) ...

the us regulator, securities and exchange commission (sec) and federal reserve were warned by wall street rival merrill lynch ...

banks today parked over rs 25,000 crore with the reserve bank of india (rbi), signalling some ease in liquidity after the payment ...

officials from the finance ministry and the reserve bank of india (rbi) will meet tomorrow in mumbai to finalise new ...

state-run united bank of india on thursday made an impressive debut on the exchanges by closing 4 per cent higher than its issue ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday signaled a rate hike to calm rising inflation. rbi deputy governor kc chakrabarty ...

global investment bank morgan stanley today named p jayendra nayak, the former chairman and chief executive officer of axis bank, ...

mahindra mahindra finance services limited (mmfsl), the financial services arm of the mahindra group, on thursday launched ...

factoring in the government s push to improve its finances and higher growth, standard poor s today revised the ...

the performance of twelve banks under the prime minister s employment generation programme (pmegp) was below the state ...

the state level bankers committee (slbc) today approved the road map for financial inclusion plan (fip) to provide banking ...

wachovia bank na will pay $160 million to the us authorities to settle allegations related to its anti-money laundering ...

private sector lender yes bank today said it plans to recruit over 1,000 personnel, including 500 specialists, by year-end to ...

credit information bureau india (cibil) today said it has entered into an agreement with 31 microfinance institutions to set up a ...

united bank of india (ubi) is negotiating with a clutch of asset reconstruction companies (arcs) to sell bad loans worth rs 100 ...

deutsche bank ag, jpmorgan chase co, ubs ag and hypo real estate holding ag s depfa bank plc unit were charged with ...

the all india regional rural banks employees association (airrbea) has demanded that 82 regional rural banks across the country ...

in a move that took many insurance companies by surprise, the insurance regulatory development authority (irda) today ...

banks have become more cautious in lending to sugar companies following a sharp fall in prices and are working on a fresh set of ...

the call rate went up marginally, as liquidity remained low in the system following the payment of the fourth installment of ...

the rupee strengthened and the benchmark stock index rallied on optimism that accelerating economic growth will attract overseas ...

banks are waiting for rates to soften further before reviving their foreign currency bond programmes, although credit spreads for ...

officials from the reserve bank of india (rbi) and the finance ministry will finalise the borrowing calendar for the next ...

yh malegam, chairman of the national advisory committee on accounting standards (nacas), said the panel had sent its ...

a consortium of investors led by morgan stanley infrastructure partners and partnered by general atlantic llc (ga), goldman sachs ...

on the heels of leading lenders raising the rates, the chennai-based indian overseas bank (iob) today hikes its deposit rates by ...

financial services firm, the hartford financial services group, has said it will raise about $3.05 billion in securities to repay ...

mirae asset global investments (india), today said that it has tied-up with the bombay stock exchange (bse) to provide its ...

the dubai financial services authority (dfsa) has upgraded the hinduja bank s licence, a move that will allow it to provide a ...

deutsche bank ag, germany s biggest bank, paid euro 2.2 billion ($3 billion) in bonuses last year to employees who can ...

axis asset management co, backed by india s third-largest non-state bank, plans to triple its assets over the next year as ...

receding fears about sovereign debt defaults in greece, spain and portugal and a positive outlook on india s economy have ...

private sector insurance companies have more than three times the outstanding number of death claims on individual insurance ...

hindalco industries, india s largest aluminium maker, has received a loan commitment of over rs 10,000 crore from more than ...

now it s any time money for the about 80 lakh account holders of co-operative banks in gujarat. in a bid to widen its atm reach ...

financial services firm religare enterprises today said it will set up its asset management, sales and distribution business in ...

state bank of india (sbi) tops the list of the highest advance tax-payers while three other public sector entities -- lic, ioc ...

country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), is likely to hit the market with its rights issue by the year-end to mop up ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked banks to provide sector-wise details of their non-performing assets (npas) and ...

financial services major barclays is understood to have preferred swiss banking entity ubs for acquisition, a week before it ...

royal bank of scotland (rbs) is planning to restructure its balance sheet through a programme which may involve buying back of ...

banks in the gulf cooperation council (gcc) region saw their collective net profit dip by 8.56 per cent to $14.40 billion in ...

the proposal was taken up in view of the problems faced by farmers because of repeated and prolonged power failures. the proposal ...

public sector central bank of india expects to complete the buyback of its mortgage finance subsidiary, centbank home finance, by ...

the mcgraw-hill companies is looking to ramp up its presence in the indian financial and publishing space to increase the share ...

the national housing bank (nhb) plans to request the finance ministry to exempt reverse mortgage enabled annuity schemes (rmlea) ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked banks to reveal more information on their market operations, including data related to ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor subir gokarn on monday said it needs to be ensured that banks do not take ...

amongst asia-pacific countries, indian entities have been most active in raising funds mostly from infrastructure projects ...

banks on monday parked rs 4,230 crore through the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) reverse repo window as payment of ...

market regulator the securities exchange board of india (sebi) and the insurance regulatory development authority ...

after hitting the bottom in the first six months of 2009, rates of most non-life insurance products increased during the second ...

west bengal has fared poorly in most parameters in state-wise comparison of finances by the reserve bank of india, even though ...

the equity shares of united bank of india shall be listed and admitted to dealings on the exchange with effect from march 18, the ...

rating agency crisil today said the pace of rise in banks non-performing assets (npas) is likely to slow down in months ahead as ...

banking major ubs shelled out a total compensation of 68.71 million swiss francs (nearly $65 million) to its executive board ...

bank of america (bofa) today said it is likely to infuse capital into indian operations in the next few months to boost its ...

financial services firm bank of america (bofa) is planning to seek approval from china to expand its operations in the ...

the indian rupee depreciated by 13 paise against the dollar in early trade today, following gains in the us currency against its ...

state bank of india (sbi), the largest public sector bank of the country, plans to invest rs 500 crore-rs 1,000 crore in the ...

there is surplus liquidity in the indian market and the trend will continue in the near future. the reverse repo levels ...

after achieving the distinction of having 100 per cent financial inclusion through opening of savings accounts, ganjam district ...

chinese premier wen jiabao rebuffed calls for the yuan to appreciate and sought assurances that the us will protect the value of ...

banking regulator reserve bank of india s (rbi) attempts to keep anti-competitive practices watchdog competition commission ...

hinduja bank middle east was today granted category one license by the dubai financial services authority (dfsa), upgrading it ...

britain s biggest bank hsbc is accused of quickening the fall of lehman brothers by demanding billions of pounds in collateral ...

after tightening regulatory oversight over urban cooperative banks (ucbs) through its pact with state governments, the reserve ...

india is among the world s top three preferred investment destination, but equity caps limit the size of potential inflows, ...

cooperative banks can play a bigger role than scheduled commercial banks in achieving financial inclusion, a senior rbi official ...

banks exposure to mutual funds (mfs) fell around rs 11,000 crore in the fortnight ended february 26, as lenders strove to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has signed an agreement with the international monetary fund (imf) to purchase notes worth up to ...

jpmorgan chase co and citigroup inc helped cause the failure of lehman brothers holdings inc by demanding more collateral ...

citigroup inc chief executive officer vikram pandit said the us treasury department will be free to sell its 27 per cent stake in ...

country s foreign exchange reserves jumped marginally to $278.431 billion for the week ended march 5 from $278.357 billion in the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has entered into an agreement buy up to $10 billion (over rs 45,000 crore) worth notes from the ...

the indian rupee appreciated by 17 paise to 45.44 dollar in the early trade today in line with other firming asian currencies ...

thiruvananthapuram-based technopark has tied up with a consortium of four banks - indian bank, catholic syrian bank (csb), ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) no-frills savings accounts initiative is likely to handle around rs 1 lakh crore ...

the 10-year bonds were little changed, with yields near a 17-month high, on concern investors will pare their holdings as ...

the ministry of finance is perplexed that bond yields have surged, although the government has earmarked, what it believes, a ...

public-sector lender bank of india (boi) has increased interest rates on big-ticket (wholesale and bulk) deposits by 75-150 basis ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) doesn t expect managing next year s record government borrowings to be a ...

anil ambani s venture fund plans to invest in areas including clean technologies as it doubles investments over the next ...

the controversy over its founder promoter p k tayal, who was banned by market regulator sebi from the securities market for false ...

the ongoing greek debt crisis has rent fissures in the european union (eu) and exposed the weakness of what was until recently ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi), which has kicked off its programme on financial education among school and college students in ...

the state had sought rs 40,000 crore from the commission. top officials here are of the view that if the allocated funds are ...

stuart gulliver, head of hsbc s global investment banking business, is planning to give away the 9 million bonus he ...

the country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today signed a $10-million (around rs 46 crore) deal with the city-based ...

the state bank of india (sbi) has got the permission from the chinese authorities to lend in the local currency, the ...

avishkaar venture capital, a micro-finance industry (mfi)-focused venture capital (vc) fund, is planning to hit the market with a ...

as many as 31 microfinance institutions (mfis), including the top 10 in the country, have come together to set up microfinance ...

after real estate, private equity (pe) and venture capital (vc) players are holding on to their investments in information ...

buyout funds sitting on half a trillion dollars committed by investors may need more than a decade to put the money to work if ...

with lenders pushing for loans to meet their annual targets, bank credit flows increased by rs 37,465 crore during the second ...

the rupee strengthened for the seventh time in eight days after foreigners increased holdings of local stocks to a record this ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said the proposed new base rate, which will replace the benchmark prime lending rate (plr) ...

british insurer standard life plc today said it will look at increasing stake in the indian insurance joint venture with hdfc and ...

credit growth of banks rose by 15.5 per cent at rs 31.78 lakh crore for the fortnight ended february 26, raising expectations ...

aegon religare life insurance, a joint venture of the netherlands-based aegon and india s religare enterprises, plans to double ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), would prefer a rights issue to raise funds for business growth rather ...

commodity exchanges mcx, ncdex and icex have reduced trade timings by 25 minutes for non-agricultural commodities to align with ...

idbi bank hoped to raise $250-300 million (rs 1,680 crore)through a medium-term note (mtn) programme, but would wait until market ...

the four public sector general insurance companies new india assurance, national, united india and oriental insurance ...

considering the slow progress of debt swap scheme , the banks in punjab have decided to adopt a block in each ...

in the union budget last month, the government had proposed to infuse rs 16,500 crore into public sector banks to help them ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) plans to amend its rules to pre-empt non banking finance companies (nbfcs) from misusing the ...

as part of its efforts to rationalise costs and divest non-core assets, icici bank has sold a property located at prabhadevi in ...

seeking to distance itself from a controversy over tayal group s shareholding in it, bank of rajasthan (bor) today said the ...

the country s premier bourse, bombay stock exchange (bse), today launched its sensex mobile streamer, a platform that would allow ...

the rupee eased by 3 paise against the dollar in early trade today after a six-day rally on fresh capital outflows by foreign ...

the rupee advanced to the strongest level in almost eight weeks on speculation that accelerating economic growth will attract ...

india plans to accelerate sales of state assets to about one a month and tighten requirements for investment banks competing to ...

for the first time in 17 months, the yield on the benchmark 10-year government paper crossed the 8 per cent mark on monday, ...

private sector axis bank had initiated talks with investors to spin off its private equity (pe) business as a separate entity, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) would work with all stakeholders and study global experience in formulating guidelines for new ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has tightened its grip on the working of bank of rajasthan (bor) further by appointing two ...

a complete decontrol of lending rates was not possible currently, but it might be possible when the country achieved double-digit ...

a study by visa, a global payment technology company, found out that indian consumers adopt safe payment practices such as ...

the government today introduced the state bank of india (amendment) bill in parliament to give sbi more leeway to raise capital ...

the pilot weather based crop insurance scheme (wbcis), which is aimed to insure wheat farmers in haryana against ...

to pay $6.8 bn in cash and $8.7 billion in equity securities.

according to a study by higher education forum (bef) there are gaps that exist between the expectations of the employers and ...

public sector insurer life insurance corporation of india (lic) expects about 18 per cent growth in premium income, and 20 per ...

state-owned life insurance corporation of india (lic) is likely to seek a licence to float a bank when the reserve bank of india ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, is expecting a mark-to-market (mtm) loss of rs 500-700 crore ...

the government would make a capital infusion of over rs 1,000 crore in three public sector banks including uco bank and central ...

l t group firm l t mutual fund today said it plans to introduce a couple of schemes, which will be a mix of debt and ...

the country s banking sector, which was rattled by the financial turmoil, continues to remain shaky, with small and medium ...

bank of india has tied up with reliance mutual fund to distribute and market the latter s products through its branches. the ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) independence and monetary policy role would not be impacted by the creation of the ...

the final placement process at iim-calcutta (iim-c) kicked off to an expectedly positive start today with top financial and ...

heeding to the request from banks, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today postponed the implementation of the proposed base rate ...

punjab national bank (pnb) today said it has received approval from the reserve bank of india (rbi) to open representative office ...

state-owned bank of maharashtra hopes to get from the government around rs 1,800 crore, which would help the lender augment its ...

the venture capital (vc) industry is optimistic about renewed investments this year, with focus shifting primarily to the green ...

the rupee gained 4 paise against the dollar in the early trade today in line with other firming asian currencies amid continued ...

deutsche bank ag, germany s biggest bank, plans to double the assets it manages for wealthy indians living overseas to $10 ...

serious political differences and time constraints will prevent the manmohan singh government from passing the contentious ...

ten years after it quit, australia and new zealand banking group (anz) on thursday announced that it has received in-prinicple ...

country s two leading private lenders icici bank and hdfc bank today raised lending rates for auto loans, in a clear signal that ...

the finance ministry today said that the proposed goods and services tax rate is likely to be higher than 12 per cent, which was ...

with the april 1 deadline to migrate to the base rate model fast approaching, bank chiefs are likely to raise concerns about the ...

the rupee appreciated by five paise to 45.77 a dollar in the early trade today in line with other rising asian currencies amid ...

in order to restrict the undisclosed exposure of non-life insurers, general insurance corporation of india (gic), the national ...

in what would be the first instance of equity-raising in india by an overseas-listed company, uk-based standard chartered plc. ...

excluding proceeds from the sale of the bank s mutual fund recognised in the 2008 results, the growth in operating profit ...

aegon religare life insurance (arli), a joint venture of the netherlands-based aegon and india s religare enterprises ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned six tribal development programmes in west bengal ...

when the promotor family of retail chain nilgiris dragged the private equity (pe) investor, actis, to the company law board ...

credit rating agencies must disclose details of revenues, especially those that involve conflict of interest such as fees ...

some of the major life insurance companies have replied to the market regulator sebi s show-cause notice issued to them on the ...

uk-based financial services company prudential plc, which has a life insurance joint venture with icici, today said its ...

the british banking major standard chartered today said the profit from its indian operations grew to $1.06 billion (around rs ...

goldman sachs group inc analysts are likely to be proven wrong on forecasting 3 percentage points of interest-rate increases in ...

deutsche bank has forecast that the key domestic equity index of the bombay stock exchange, sensex, might touch the 22,000-mark ...

american international group inc s plane-leasing business is pursuing the potential sale of aircraft for around $3.5 ...

american international group inc s biggest asset sale since the insurer s 2008 government bailout reduces pressure on ...

india infrastructure finance co ltd (iifcl), a state-run entity that extends loans at preferential rates, may use $500 million ...

a day after prudential bought out aig s asia arm, aia, top executives of both aig and tata aig met the insurance regulatory ...

the all india idbi officers association has filed a writ petition before the bombay high court challenging the bank s ...

public sector uco bank might raise funds through a qualified institutional placement (qip) instead of the proposed follow-on ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is trying to crack down on violations of norms regarding overall ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to increase its short-term interest rates by april as part of its strategy of exiting ...

global banking major hsbc s india operations reported a massive 44 per cent decline in net profit at $374 million in 2009, due to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today asked lead banks, which plan and formulate credit plans at district levels, to focus on ...

the tata group today said it is studying the decision of its insurance partner american insurance group (aig) to sell the asian ...

the tatas will have to either buy out the 26 per cent stake in its life insurance joint venture or rope in another partner if ...

to restructure its sagging business and repay its $182.3-billion bailout, the once global insurance leader american international ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee wants to extend the geographic coverage of banks and told the lok sabha during his budget ...

the government s decision to roll back tax on unrealised gains on the investment income of non-life insurers has brought ...

the regional office of reserve bank of india (rbi) at thiruvananthapuram conducted special outreach programmes in 11 villages of ...

past may be no prologue for treasury investors when federal reserve policy makers begin to withdraw their unprecedented monetary ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) is seriously mulling a proposal to provide credit plus services ...

icici bank was the largest recruiter at the indian institute of management, ahmedabad (iim-a) final placements third ...

with mixed signals coming from the union budget, traders expect inflation to be the main trigger for the bond markets, going ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to announce its draft guidelines on the compensation packages of private sector bank ...

insurance major prudential is in talks to buy the asian unit of american international group (aig) for an estimated $30 billion, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to announce draft guidelines on the compensation packages of the private sector bank ...

over a dozen non-banking finance companies, including those from industrial houses like tatas, birlas, anil ambani-led reliance ...

i would rate this as a fine budget with lots of positives and very few wrinkles. the notion of the government playing the role of ...

this is a budget that will cheer most constituents and yet it is a responsible budget. it satisfies the conservative fiscal ...

the budget has not disappointed the market, which is a departure from previous years. it has been presented against conflicting ...

on the revenue side, rolling back some of the excise tax cuts from last year is appropriate at this juncture. the target of rs ...

the finance minister should be congratulated for presenting a budget proposal that explicitly states the government s ...

with an eye on being an enabler, the government has focused on more equitable development, more social spends, increasing the ...

someone once said a budget should not aspire to be a dream budget dreams are ephemeral but should aspire to be a ...

the finance minister has been proactive in providing rs 16,500 crore for capitalization of banks. it would ensure both the ...

the debt market sprung a surprise with hardening of bond yields as market players were gripped by inflation fears on account of ...

the country s largest private sector lender, icici bank, today raised deposit rates by 25-50 basis points (bps), a week ...

p j nayak, former chairman and ceo of axis bank, is the business standard banker of the year for 2009. nayak was the unanimous ...

as part of its recast, the bank has divided its global businesses into a core group, which the bank plans to retain and the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) imposed a penalty of rs 25 lakh on bank of rajasthan for violating norms related to acquisition ...

the royal bank of scotland (rbs), in which the uk government owns majority stake, saw its loss narrowing down to 765 million ...

signalling hardening of interest rates in the industry, india s largest private sector lender, icici bank today hiked its deposit ...

the government today said it has accepted recommendations of the 13th finance commission, which called for greater share of ...

mutual funds (mfs) saw a turnaround in 2009 with net resources mobilised rising to rs 1.43 lakh crore compared to withdrawals in ...

after a lull in 2008, indian equities once again became the favourite bet for foreign funds, who pumped in nearly rs 88,000 crore ...

total trading volume at the country s two leading bourses, the bombay stock exchange (bse) and the national stock exchange (nse), ...

domestic equity markets are fast integrating themselves with the major global peers, a trend that helped in larger capital ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee has promised a delegation of urban cooperative bankers that their demand for some relief from ...

the insurer is hoping to keep the price of the policy low by restricting the choice of hospitals, and covering only major ...

credit card issuers are no longer in the midst of a recession and are wooing new customers with eye-popping offers save up to 25 ...

state bank of india (sbi) may go for a rights issue in the next financial and will start discussions with the government after ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), is looking to acquire a significant stake in tata motors finance ...

life insurance companies are pushing universal life polices (ulp) to fill the gap created by the retreat of small-ticket ...

india will borrow a record rs 4.6 lakh crore ($99.3 billion) in the next financial year as debt payments double.

keeping with the improvement in economic growth, the outstanding bank credit in the 15 days up to february 12 rose by rs 22,596 ...

global banking major hsbc is expected to scrap the 36-per cent pay hike to its chief executive michael geoghegan due to ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), today said it would set aside about 60-70 per cent of its annual capex ...

the bonuses doled out by wall street firms shot up 17 per cent in 2009, while entities such as goldman sachs and morgan stanley ...

association of mutual funds in india (amfi) has created a post of chief executive officer and has appointed h n sinor to this ...

axis bank announced the launch of mobile payment solution using its debit cards. the company claims that it is the first bank to ...

india s premier bank, state bank of india (sbi), needs to raise around rs 40,000 crore of capital over the next five-years and ...

exposure of indian banks to crisis-hit dubai world is in the range of $275-300 million and it will not have any material impact ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee today said the fiscal stimulus greatly helped the economy withstand the impact of the slowdown ...

cheques will have more security features like water marks and invisible logo with the reserve bank of india (rbi) deciding to ask ...

thanks to the cap on overall charges on unit-linked insurance plans (ulips), which was effective from the beginning of this year, ...

large companies may be tempted to borrow abroad to cut their borrowing costs, which could go up once banks come up with new base ...

these days bankers no longer perform the ritual of visiting the capital with their quarterly performance files. and, they hardly ...

a village adoption scheme was introduced by the banks in 1960s in india with a view to enhancing their visibility besides ...

manipal universal learning, the corporate education arm of the manipal group, has raised rs 200 crore from the private equity ...

foreign currency loans by the indian companies declined 15.3 per cent to $1.32 billion (rs 6,100 crore) in january 2010 from ...

when a congressional panel convened a hearing on the government rescue of american international group inc in january, the public ...

axis bank s private equity arm axis private equity is mulling to separate itself from the parent company in the coming weeks ...

public-sector life insurer life insurance corporation of india s new business premium declined 53.45 per cent at rs 4,841,42 ...

british banking major lloyds banking group s chief executive eric daniels has become the latest banking boss to waive his 2.3 ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today prescribed enhanced security features and standardised fields for bank cheques to help ...

the state-owned united bank of india (ubi) plans to leverage the branch network of its four associate regional rural banks (rrbs) ...

citigroup global markets today announced the appointment of nine persons to its equities team to strengthen its sales and ...

indians have always been reluctant buyers of life insurance. but they are ever ready to lap up plans linked to their ...

engineering and construction major larsen toubro (l t) said on monday it was planning to either list or sell stakes in ...

country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today said the proposed base rate for the bank seemed to be around 8 per ...

public sector lender bank of india (boi), which is targeting a business rs 12,00,000 crore in the next five-six years, plans to ...

life insurance companies have replied to the notices issued by the market regulator, the securities exchange board of india ...

the overall credit deposit ratio (cd) of commercial banks in punjab witnessed a decline of 2.1 per cent from 71.5 per cent as on ...

public sector lender united bank of india (ubi) will hit the capital market tomorrow with an initial share sale offer to raise up ...

life insurers have called for a level-playing field vis-a-vis mutual funds and said the government should levy service tax only ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said more security features will be introduced to make cheques tamper-proof and prevent ...

country s largest private sector lender, icici bank today said its loan growth in the next financial year could go up to around ...

country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today said that the proposed base rate for the bank seems to be around 8 per ...

the royal bank of scotland, majority-owned by the british government, chief executive stephen hester will forgo his bonus for ...

with a view to strengthen its foothold in the domestic market, the us-banking major citibank is mulling the infusion of a ...

the mangalore-based private sector lender, karnataka bank, has launched four new products and inaugurated 10 new atms across the ...

the south african tourism department is bullish that by the year 2012 number of tourists from india will double to 100,000. ...

ahead of the budget, the insurance industry has urged the government to move ahead with the proposal to raise foreign direct ...

lehman brothers holdings inc, the investment bank liquidating in bankruptcy, paid its lawyers and other advisers $641.9 million ...

citigroup inc chief executive officer (ceo) vikram pandit and executives from gmac inc are scheduled to testify before the panel ...

concerned over the rise in bond yields which can cause mark-to-market losses, state bank of india chairman op bhatt today said ...

the country s largest public sector lender state bank of india (sbi) is likely to carry on its hiring spree to the next fiscal as ...

state bank of india (sbi) chairman o p bhatt today said lending rates are unlikely to rise in the next 3-4 months as hiking rates ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today reduced the ceiling rate on export credit in foreign currency by banks to libor plus 200 ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is likely to set up a committee to standardise the format of reporting ...

in an interview last week, president obama said he didn t begrudge jamie dimon, the chief executive of jpmorganchase, and ...

public sector lender united bank of india (ubi) has been exempted by the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) from ...

banks would have to move to the daily product method of calculating interest on savings account deposits from april 1, the ...

the country s second-largest private sector lender, hdfc bank, today increased fixed deposit (fd) rates across nine ...

bank of america corp and ubs ag, which eliminated jobs over the past two years as they received government aid, are luring ...

the federal reserve board sent its most explicit signal yet that the emergency supply of liquidity to financial markets is done ...

the public sector bank of india (boi), which targets to take its business to about rs 12 lakh crore in next 5-6 years, mulls to ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today said it is awaiting market regulator securities and exchange ...

the move will enable saving bank account holders to earn better interest rates since banks currently calculate interest on these ...

state-owned oriental bank of commerce today said it expects net profit of the bank to cross the landmark level of rs 1,000 crore ...

experian credit information co has received the final approval from the reserve bank of india (rbi) to set up a credit bureau in ...

the indian bank s association (iba) plans to form a company to gather information on loss data from banks to help them ...

following an orissa high court order, the central bureau of investigation (cbi) has begun investigation into the role of banks in ...

housing finance companies (hfcs), which rely heavily on banks for funds, have said that loans taken by them should be exempted ...

the global reinsurance and financial services group swissre returned to back with a 506-million swiss francs profits in 2009 from ...

japanese commercial banks reported a record 272,326 transactions to the police in 2009 as possible moneylaundering cases, up 15.8 ...

goldman sachs group inc managed $15 billion of bond sales for greece after arranging a currency swap that allowed the government ...

bc partners, the london-based private equity firm, hired four banks to finance its purchase of a majority stake in ...

dutch financial services major ing today reported a net loss of 712 million euro ($980.4 million) in the october to december ...

the rupee appreciated for a sixth day, the longest winning streak in almost nine months, as stock gains spurred optimism overseas ...

the natural catastrophe pool being set by general insurance corporation (gic) for insurance and reinsurance companies in africa ...

l t finance ltd (ltf), the financial services arm of engineering major larsen toubro, would increase its loan book size ...

indusind bank is contemplating an entry into credit cards and personal loans in the next financial year, according to a senior ...

although non-performing asset (npa) levels in asset-backed loans seem to be stabilising, npas in personal loans are likely to ...

uncertainty over the interpretation of the latest guidelines on re-pricing of existing foreign currency convertible bonds (fccbs) ...

hinduja swiss holding today said it has acquired swiss bank banca commerciale lugano (bcl), which will be merged with its ...

banks have urged the reserve bank of india (rbi) to allow time till july to implement the proposed base-rate model, which was ...

the pending $15-billion sale of american international group s (aig) life-insurance unit to metlife is facing tax issues that may ...

consent of loan defaulters is not necessary for financing companies before selling off vehicles purchased on hire-purchase ...

dutch financial services major ing today reported a net loss of euro 712 million ($980.4 million) in the october to december ...

the bahrain financial exchange (bfx), the first multi-asset exchange in west asia and north africa, has appointed an indian ...

the country s largest insurer lic today said it would pump in about rs 10,000 crore in the stock markets by march, taking ...

the insurance and capital market regulators are likely to finalise the much-awaited listing norms for insurance companies at a ...

with stock markets remaining volatile, guarantees linked to equity investment are gaining popularity in the life insurance space. ...

india infrastructure finance co ltd (iifcl) plans to appoint a consultant to advise the company on treasury operations and ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), today said the proposed base rate mechanism to replace benchmark ...

financial services major barclays plc today posted a robust profit of 6.87 billion pound ($10.77 billion) for the three months ...

aviva life insurance, a joint venture between dabur group (74 per cent) and aviva group (26 per cent) with current paid up ...

the euro was lower against the dollar in asian trade today as investors waited to see whether european finance ministers would ...

deutsche bank ag, germany s biggest bank, introduced a sliding scale forcing top bankers to defer a bigger proportion of ...

over 3,000 officers and the management of state-run national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) are at ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has embarked on its biggest ever human resources (hr) audit programme to take a complete re-look ...

mergers and acquisitions (m as) among private equity companies are on the rise. the total value of m a and pe (including ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is not in favour of foreign institutional investors entry into currency derivatives, even ...

hinting at a gradualist approach to financial globalisation, reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao today ...

the indian institute of banking and finance (iibf) is an organisation covered under the rti act and must comply with its ...

japanese financial services major nomura today said it will buy the natural gas and power trading business of canada-based nexen ...

goldman sachs group inc investment management co-head marc spilker is leaving the firm after two decades and will be ...

the country s largest life insurer, life insurance corporation of india (lic), is aiming to collect rs 18,000 crore through ...

public sector lender punjab national bank (pnb) plans to enter south africa and indonesia to expand its international business ...

the view was nearly unanimous collective action involving co-ordination among central banks is a must to prevent another crisis ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao today said the central bank would rework the roadmap for making the rupee fully ...

the euro, the single currency that 16 eu (european union) countries share, is usually highlighted as one of the main achievements ...

destimoney financial services (formerly dawnayday av financial services) is planning to foray into asset reconstruction and ...

with increasing capital inflows threatening to put pressure on prices, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it would adopt ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today included infrastructure finance companies (ifc) in the category of non-banking finance ...

china ordered banks to set aside more deposits as reserves for the second time in a month to cool the fastest-growing economy ...

peerless funds management co ltd (pfmcl) today said it has commenced its mutual fund operations and hopes to break-even in the ...

major financial groups including jpmorgan and hsbc are sending their private banking chiefs to asia to focus on opportunities ...

growing fiscal deficit as a result of governments efforts to prop up their respective economies has the potential to undermine ...

sri lankan born billionaire raj rajaratnam, facing charges in an insider-trading probe, has filed an emergency motion in an ...

amarsinh shivajirao pandit, former bjp mla from georai and a diretor of the beed district central co-operative bank was today ...

the exchange-traded currency derivatives market in india is on a roll, with the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) and ...

all the branches of the public sector allahabad bank will migrate to the core banking solution (cbs) platform by the end of this ...

l t finance, the financial services arm of larsen toubro (l t), plans to raise around rs 500 crore more through ...

cost of funds may come down for small and medium enterprises (smes) and go up marginally for large companies once the new rules ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor subir gokarn on thursday ruled out any policy action before the central bank s ...

come april, the entire credit market could see a marked change. for starters, farm loans will be extended at a bank s base ...

state-owned uco bank on thursday invited preliminary bids for appointing merchant bankers for its 60-million-share follow-on ...

teaser loans may be on their way out with canara bank and union bank of india opting to withdraw the scheme in anticipation of a ...

private sector lender dhanlaxmi bank plans to acquire about 70 per cent stake in a mutual fund, a top bank official said here on ...

leading state-owned lender punjab national bank (pnb) plans to acquire a small-sized bank in kazakhstan in the near future as ...

bankers today ruled out any impact on their earnings margins on account of the base rate system proposed by the reserve bank of ...

bankers have urged the reserve bank of india (rbi) to include infrastructure loans in the category of priority sector advances ...

private sector lender dhanlaxmi bank plans to acquire about 70 per cent stake in a mutual fund, a top bank official said here ...

improving market sentiments helped the personal computers (pc) sales rise by one per cent to over 37 lakh units during the first ...

please don t expect any action between now and the next announcement unless there is completely unanticipated, unwarranted ...

the government did not plan to issue cash management bills or borrow extra from the bond market as of now, a senior finance ...

idbi bank today increased deposit rates by 25 basis points (bps) and also introduced a new slab of 500 days offering 7 per cent ...

indian railway finance corporation (irfc) today said it might hit the market with a tax-free bond issue next week. it also said ...

the federal reserve may raise the discount rate before long as part of the normalization of fed ...

the number of credit cards in the country has fallen by a huge 27 per cent to just over 206 lakh since the start of the last ...

with the shadow of economic slowdown receding, the country s largest private lender, icici bank, has seen a pick up in project ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today proposed to replace the current system of benchmark prime lending rate (plr) from next ...

the credit growth of banks stood around 14.4 per cent for the fortnight ended january 29, building expectations that it could ...

state-run idbi bank today hiked the deposit rates by 0.25 per cent, becoming the first bank to do so after the reserve bank of ...

engineering and construction major larsen and toubro (l t) is likely to start its general insurance business in the first ...

the federal prosecutors have come up with fresh charges against sri lanka-born billionaire raj rajaratnam based on new ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it has reasonable tools to tame inflationary expectations, which along with short ...

peerless funds management company, a wholly owned subsidiary of kolkata-based peerless general finance investment company, ...

lured by its 100 per cent growth and the fact that it seems immune from adverse global developments, private equity companies and ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), today said that the merger of state bank of indore with itself ...

abn amro has initiated the process of re-branding its retail branches as rbs after receiving the reserve bank of india s ...

after waiting for three years, the government has started working on restructuring ifci, the country s oldest financial ...

capital flows are coming into india at a faster pace than expected, and in such a situation, liberalising the use of funds raised ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) aims to achieve a premium collection of rs 3550 crore in 2009-10 in the eastern central ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development has pegged the total credit potential for various sectors in the state at ...

prolonged period of fiscal stimulus is bad for the normal recovery of an economy, idbi bank chairman and managing director yogesh ...

the visakhapatnam division of life insurance corporation of india (lic) expects a 37 growth in new premium collection in the ...

devesh kumar has joined fortune financial services (india) as the joint managing director and group ceo with effect from february ...

financial services company morgan stanley s asia chief stephen roach is more bullish on indian economy than china. he ...

ther nation s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) said here today that its non-performing assets (npas) will continue to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today simplified the external commercial borrowings (ecb) norms allowing banks to alter the terms ...

country s largest lender sbi today asserted that the reserve bank has not objected to teaser home loan rates, which ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india, today said that the merger of state bank of indore with itself will be ...

the reserve bank of india s decision to include technical write-offs for the calculation of provision coverage ratio (pcr) ...

child insurance is the new buzzword in life insurance. seeing huge growth potential in this segment, insurers are pushing sales ...

india infrastructure finance company (iifcl) has kicked off work on a $1 billion (rs 4,600 crore) medium term note programme to ...

banks should have taken the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) intended message on teaser loan rates, said deputy ...

insurance companies may increase investments in the nation s stocks by 24 per cent to a record $21 billion next financial ...

punjab national bank (pnb), the second largest public sector bank in the country, expects to cross a business of rs 4000 crore in ...

the interest income on investment in these bonds will be exempt from income tax under item (h) of sub-clause (iv) of clause (15) ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned rs 69.89 crore for infrastructure development as ...

the state level bankers committee (slbc) has initiated steps to begin a renewed drive to achieve financial inclusion in ...

deutsche bank plans to expand its equity capital markets and merger advisory operations in asia to help push regional revenues ...

private equity funds are looking at emerging markets as their investment destination in 2010, and india has emerged as the second ...

financial services major citigroup has begun talks with private equity groups and hedge funds over the sale of $3 billion-worth ...

the rupee appreciated by four paise to 46.69 against the greenback in morning trade on mild selling of dollars from banks on ...

andhra bank, one of the leading public sector banks in the country, expects to achieve a net profit of rs 1000 crore by the end ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned west bengal rs 857.81 crore during the year ...

the yield on the government bond may continue to remain under pressure on concerns over government s large borrowing ...

indian banking is stronger on vital banking parameters than other bric nations, according to a survey carried out by industry ...

the advances of national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) to uttar pradesh touched almost rs 1,300 crore for ...

the paid-up capital of the chennai-based general insurer before infusion was rs 217 crore while authorised capital was rs 250 ...

one of the leading life insurance companies, max new york life, announced the launch of i genius, a comprehensive ...

state owned bank of baroda cancelled its planned benchmark sale of bonds denominated in us dollars, according to three people ...

teaser interest rate schemes might have drawn flak from the central bank earlier but the reserve bank of india (rbi) now wants ...

the increase in the cash reserve ratio (crr) has started taking a toll on interest rates, with axis bank withdrawing its teaser ...

interest rates are likely to remain stable, but as liquidity dries up banks may hike the lending rates of short-term loans to ...

the new york attorney general has filed a lawsuit against the bank of america (bofa) and its two former top honchos, including ...

the country s largest private sector lender, icici bank, does not see immediate pressure on interest rates, but expects ...

cholamandalam ms general insurance company limited (chola ms) is planning to close the current financial year with a premium of ...

state-run corporation bank is considering to launch a multi-utility cash card, which can be used as a debit, credit and pre-paid ...

l t finance, the financial services arm of engineering and construction major l t, plans to issue retail bonds, its ...

the european central bank (ecb) left its benchmark interest rate at 1 per cent, a record low, and will probably hold off ...

although it recently offloaded its stake in commodity exchange mcx, the country s largest foreign lender, citi, has no ...

deutsche bank today said it has returned to profit in the fourth quarter with a net income of euro 1.3 billion (about rs 8,329 ...

state-run corporation bank is considering launching a multi-utility cash card, which can be used as a debit, credit and pre-paid ...

insurer american international group (aig) is moving forward with its plans to pay out as much as $100 million in bonuses, ...

the country s leading bankers are optimistic about the long-term prospects but are unanimous in their opinion that the next ...

hemendra kothari, the former chairman of dsp merrill lynch, is set to acquire ambuja cements stake in ing vysya life ...

ascent capital, an established indian private equity firm focused on growth capital, has closed its ascent india fund iii with ...

state bank of india (sbi) has launched sbi gift cards in hyderabad. the gift cards will work on all visa ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has withdrawn the facility of short-term foreign currency borrowings provided to non-banking ...

the german federal minister for economy and technology rainer bruederle and the us treasury secretary, timothy geithner, have ...

bank of america (bofa) will hire as many as 2,000 more employees to its global wealth management division during the next year, ...

after a lacklustre 2009, when private equity (pe) fund raising was low, india-focused pe funds are set to raise nearly $2 billion ...

at a time when interest rates are expected to harden, the country s largest housing finance company, hdfc, has introduced a ...

banks have expressed concern over the competition commission s intervention on home loan pre-payment penalty, as they fear ...

the long-standing demand of banks that they be allowed to issue tax-free bonds to fund long-term infrastructure projects may not ...

the country s third-largest private sector lender, axis bank, plans to ramp up its fledgling wealth management and private ...

banks have expressed concern over the competition commission s intervention on homeloan prepayment penalty issue as they fear ...

the refinance portfolio of small industries development bank of india (sidbi) is likely to touch a figure of rs 20,000 crore this ...

citigroup inc. plans to sell or split off its $10 billion citi private equity unit, expanding the list of money-management ...

public sector lender bank of maharashtra reported 7 per cent drop in net profit to rs 112 crore for the quarter ended december ...

better control on management expenses and income from investments helped top five life insurance companies pare losses in the ...

mutual funds refrained from purchasing fresh papers on expectation the rates would rise by the end of this month once the ...

state-owned union bank, which saw its non-performing assets (npa) swelling in the last quarter, expects to restrict its gross npa ...

ignoring a government advisory, idbi bank has moved to a variable pay structure for its officers, who will now have a 70 per cent ...

exchange-traded currency derivatives registered a significant jump in volume today with the introduction of three non-dollar ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has made it mandatory for insurance companies to disclose the ...

public sector lender uco bank today said it will convene a meeting of its shareholders to decide whether it should come out with ...

with many countries piling up massive debts in the wake of the global crisis, the international monetary fund (imf) has cautioned ...

describing the third quarterly performance of the bank as very positive , icici bank managing director and ceo chanda ...

the us-based financial services major moragn stanley plans to hire several hundred traders over the next few years in an effort ...

nabard has asked banks in himachal pradesh to increase their credit flow by 20 per cent to the priority sector to achieve the ...

out of the total business of rs 4269 crore, deposits stood at rs 2713 crore while advances were at rs 1556 crore, a growth of 35 ...

india s largest private sector lender icici bank on sunday ruled out overseas acquisitions, but said it is open to buying ...

in the backdrop of raging debate on huge bonus payouts, american express has raised the annual base salary for its chief ...

state bank of india (sbi) chairman o p bhatt today said that excess liquidity available with the bank would be a matter of ...

karur vysya bank has reported a net profit of rs 75.87 crore for the quarter ended december 2009, registering an increase of 28 ...

jammu and kashmir (j k) bank has posted over 19 per cent rise in net profit at rs 139.99 crore for the third quarter of ...

private sector lender city union bank on saturday said its net profit rose by 26.55 per cent to rs 40.65 crore for the third ...

public sector lender bank of maharashtra reported a 7 per cent drop in net profit to rs 112 crore for the quarter ended december ...

net profit of the bank stood at rs 205.72 crore in the third quarter of 2009-10 against rs 358.37 crore in the corresponding ...

reliance capital, the financial services arm of the reliance-anil dhirubhai ambani (r-ada) group, reported a 52 per cent fall in ...

state-run national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has asked regional rural banks (rrbs), state cooperative ...

bollywood stars shah rukh khan and kajol are all set to ring the nasdaq bell as the american stock exchange opens for business on ...

the nse and mcx stock exchange will launch futures contracts on additional currency pairs from february 1. the exchanges have ...

india s foreign exchange reserves fell $2.22 million to $282.94 billion during the week ended january 22 on account of ...

brian moynihan, oswald gruebel and josef ackermann, leaders of some of the world s biggest banks, met during the world ...

according to the latest data by the reserve bank of india (rbi), their investment in mf stood at rs 103,087 crore at the end of ...

even as some sections of industry found the 75 basis points (bps) increase in the cash reserve ratio (crr) more than expected, ...

the bond market sprung a surprise with only a marginal rise in yields on a day when the reserve bank of india raised the cash ...

indian overseas bank (iob) reported a 73.81 per cent drop in net profit for the quarter ended december 31, 2009, to rs 101.7 ...

with budgetary preparations on in full swing, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today advised the finance minister to at least ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has done the right thing by hiking the cash reserve ratio (crr) by 0.75 per cent to 5.75 per ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao said the hike in the cash reserve ratio (crr) announced today, would not affect ...

the reserve bank today said the agriculture growth will be muted this fiscal on account of the impact of poor monsoon on kharif ...

india is clearly showing strong growth, as outlined by the rbi which stated that the output gap is narrowing with economy ...

unhappy over the reserve bank of india s (rbi) more-than-expected 75-basis point hike in cash reserve ratio (crr) to squeeze ...

economists were slightly surprised by the extent of hike (75 basis points) in mandatory cash reserves of banks held ...

the reserve bank of india, in its monetary policy review today has hiked the cash reserve ratio (crr) by 75 basis points (bps) to ...

after losing customer accounts to public sector banks at the height of the downturn, private sector banks seem to be on their way ...

the revival in capital flows, which started in financial year 2009-10 and gathered momentum in the second quarter, has remained ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has estimated a credit potential of around rs 47,451 crore in ...

despite the economy seeing revival, credit flow to the industrial sector moderated to 14.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis as of ...

contrary to popular perception on interest rate movement, expected to head north following a likely central bank action on ...

bangalore-based public sector lender, canara bank, is aiming to double its home loan portfolio to around rs 17,500 crore by ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may signal the end of easy monetary policy by sucking out some liquidity from the market by way ...

to safeguard the interest of policyholders and ensure transparency, the sectoral regulator the insurance regulatory and ...

the leading kerala-based private sector lender federal bank today said its net profit declined by 45.92 per cent to rs 110.25 ...

private sector lender yes bank today said it has raised $225 million (about rs 1,034 crore) through private placement of shares ...

a median forecast released by the reserve bank of india (rbi) in the pre-policy macroeconomic and monetary developments third ...

public sector lender central bank of india today said its net profit declined by 13.25 per cent to rs 306.44 crore for the third ...

public sector lender bank of india (boi) today said its net profit declined by 53.50 per cent to rs 405.50 crore for the third ...

financial services firm, morgan stanley today said its indian chief executive and country head narayan ramachandran will step ...

they were once the top favourites of life insurance companies and their customers due to the potential for high returns from the ...

infrastructure development and finance corporation (idfc) reported a 46 per cent jump in consolidated net profit to rs 269 crore ...

punjab national bank (pnb) on wednesday reported a marginal rise in its net profit for the third quarter of the current financial ...

with a modest rise in net interest income (nii) and decline in treasury income, bank of borada (bob) has posted a net profit ...

doha bank is planning to expand its operations in india by entering into new segments. the qatar-based bank had in 2007 acquired ...

after swelling to a nine-month high in the previous fortnight, the outstanding credit of indian banks decreased by rs 11,898 ...

backed by a healthy growth in core fee-income, bank of baroda (bob), overcame challenging market conditions to post a 17.5 per ...

the credit growth of banks stood at 13.5 per cent for the fortnight ended january 15 compared to 22 per cent in the same period a ...

the us dollar remains under continued pressure from factors such as recovery hopes and inflation worries. however i question ...

state-owned lender andhra bank reported a 29.1 per cent increase in net profit to rs 275 crore for the quarter ended december 31, ...

bangalore-based public-sector lender vijaya bank reported a 20.65 per cent decline in net profit to rs 124.57 crore for the third ...

for a sign of how the mood has changed at the world economic forum in davos this week, consider the speakers at an ...

mauritius has contributed to the largest foreign direct investment (fdi) inflow into the country at over rs 2,00,000 crore since ...

federal reserve policy makers are considering adopting a new benchmark interest rate to replace the one they ve used for ...

the bombay stock exchange (bse) sensitive index is valued at 20 times estimated profits, higher than china for the first time ...

the year 2009 was a difficult year for indian merger and acquisition (m a) deals. however, it established the supremacy of ...

ahead of the reserve bank s quarterly monetary policy, global consultancy firm ernst young today said the central ...

standard chartered bank said the reserve bank is likely to raise the amount banks need to mandatorily park with the apex ...

state-owned lender andhra bank has reported a 29.1 per cent increase in net to rs 275 crore for the quarter ended december 2009 ...

lic housing finance (lichf) reported a 14 per cent rise in net profit to rs 153.58 crore for the quarter ended december 2009 ...

for the first time in four-and-a-half years, state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, on monday reported a ...

bangalore-based public-sector lender vijaya bank has reported a 20.65 per cent decline in its net profit to rs 124.57 crore for ...

japan s central government is projected to owe at least $10 trillion (973.16 trillion yen) in debt at the end of fiscal 2010, an ...

the rupee today depreciated by 4 paise against the us currency in early trade on continued outflows by foreign funds from ...

dhanlaxmi bank, a small private bank, has posted a 92.18 per cent drop in net profit for the quarter ended december 2009 at rs ...

the yield on government rates may show some volatility ahead of reserve bank of india s (rbi s) third quarter review ...

the bajaj group is gearing up to enter the banking business and considering applying for a licence through its financial services ...

zooming inflation, a build-up of inflationary pressures and cues from global markets could impel the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

us president barack obama phoned senate allies as two key senators predicted that embattled federal reserve chairman ben bernanke ...

even though the national economy is slowly picking up, banks are still seeing increased defaults in the wake of high unemployment ...

a committee appointed by financial regulators has recommended an overhaul of regulatory norms governing credit rating agencies ...

public sector corporation bank on friday reported an 18.92 per cent rise in net profit to rs 304.99 crore for the third quarter ...

on the back of a 50 per cent fall in treasury income, state-run allahabad bank has reported a 6.5 per cent fall in net profit to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to squeeze supply of money in the system by asking banks to keep more amount with them, ...

state-run union bank of india (ubi) today said it has raised rs 500 crore through the issue of non- convertible bonds in the ...

the us-based foreign institutional investor t rowe price, which recently acquired 26 per cent stake in uti amc, will manage the ...

mumbai, jan 22 (pti) the rupee today depreciated by another 23 paise to 46.27 against the us dollar in early trade, extending its ...

state-run punjab sind bank (psb) has decided to float its initial public offer (ipo) in june, as it seeks to raise rs 500 ...

if you think your money in savings bank account will be automatically converted into fixed deposits (fds), think again. it may ...

aided by strong growth in sales of unit-linked insurance plans (ulips), new business premium income of life insurers went up by ...

the government has turned down the suggestion of the india infrastructure finance co (iifcl) to use its refinance facility for ...

bangalore-based private sector lender ing vysya bank on thursday reported a 16 per cent rise in net profit to rs 60.6 crore for ...

mahindra mahindra financial services has reported a 111 per cent increase in its consolidated net profit to rs 97 crore for ...

backed by robust growth margin and fee-based income, kotak mahindra bank on thursday reported a 153 per cent rise in consolidated ...

icici bank managing director and ceo chanda kochhar speaks to business standard after announcing the bank s third-quarter ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh) reported an 8.93 per cent rise in net profit to rs 220.98 crore during the quarter ended december ...

despite a 55.44 per cent rise in its net interest income, the bangalore-based state bank of mysore (sbm), an associate bank of ...

unique identification authority of india (uidai) is looking at registering 600 million users by 2014. uidai aims to check fraud ...

country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today said it is not looking at acquisition of any other bank outside ...

private sector lender yes bank today said it raised $250 million (about rs 1,140 crore) by private placement of shares to fund ...

private sector, icici bank, today said its board of directors has appointed homi r khusrokhan and v sridar as the non-executive ...

exim bank of india has extended a line of credit (loc) of $60 million to the government of rwanda for financing construction of ...

foreign lender hsbc today said that there is no immediate pressure on lending rates even if the reserve bank squeezes money ...

the rupee today fell by 10 paise to trade at two-week low of 46.03 a dollar in early trade following weakness in stock markets ...

axis bank, the country s third-largest lender, is set to have its own headquarters (hq) soon. the bank is close to ...

state bank of india (sbi) is planning to launch 3 million more sbi tiny cards with biometric identification within a year. the ...

state bank of india (sbi), which had lowered its loan growth target in the current financial year on account of low credit ...

financial services firm india infoline s net profit doubled to rs 59.50 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, ...

muthoot capital services has posted a 33 per cent rise in its net profit to rs 1.73 crore in the third quarter of the current ...

public sector lender state bank of hyderabad on wednesday said its net profit rose 8.93 per cent to rs 220.98 crore for the third ...

the bank s net interest income, or the difference between interest earned and interest paid, grew 70 per cent to rs 211 ...

the government will review the business model of ifci, the new delhi-based finance company, before taking a decision on ...

spurred by good growth in home loan disbursals, the country s largest mortgage financier hdfc reported a 23 per cent rise ...

the buoyant foreign capital flows in debt instruments since the beginning of 2010 could weigh on the reserve bank of ...

the high level coordination committee (hlcc) on financial markets, which consists of financial sector regulators, is likely to ...

the bank had a net loss of $194 million excluding expenses related to repayment of federal bailout funds. in the comparable ...

competition watchdog cci has asked about two dozen banks and housing finance companies, including sbi, hdfc, icici bank and ...

country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today said interest rates are likely to remain stable as liquidity is surplus ...

swiss banking major credit suisse has said neil harvey will run its asset management business in asia pacific and emerging ...

the head of the international monetary fund (imf) warned today against excessive capital inflow in some asian countries although ...

state bank of india (sbi), which had lowered its loan growth target in the current fiscal on account of a low credit offtake, ...

public sector lender state bank of hyderabad (sbh) today said its net profit rose 8.93 per cent to rs 220.98 crore for the third ...

the reserve bank of india is likely to announce a gradual exit from its easy money stance and may resort to raising ...

private sector dhanalaxmi bank plans to open 50,000 no-frills acounts as a part of its overall endeavour towards financial ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) has posted a 23 per cent rise in its net profit at rs 671.25 crore for the quarter ...

deutsche bank ag, germany s largest bank, may raise salaries for employees by as much as 30 per cent to increase the ...

citigroup inc, the us bank that is 27 per cent owned by the treasury department, ended a three- quarter profit streak with a $7.6 ...

the investment banking division of hdfc bank has reached the breakeven point within a year of starting operations. the division ...

banking behemoth citigroup has reported a loss of $7.6 billion for the three months ended december 2009, mainly on account of ...

kerala-based federal bank today denied reports on a takeover move on the bank by idbi bank which appeared in a section of the ...

icici bank, the country s largest private sector lender, has raised deposit rates on select maturities. it is the second ...

mangalore-based public sector lender, corporation bank, today launched e-stamping facility in karnataka as part of its strategy ...

banks operating in gujarat registered a robust growth in deposits and as of september 2009, deposits stood at rs. 2,06,301 crore, ...

while car loans have become cheaper, car companies may raise prices in the coming months. but the customer still benefits because ...

banks continued to issue certificates of deposit (cds) on expectations the reserve bank of india might hike the cash reserve ...

india infrastructure finance co was likely to finalise the takeout financing scheme within a month and might implement it by the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday said that the timing and sequence of exit from an easy monetary policy were still a ...

private insurance firm dlf pramerica today announced introduction of eight unit-linked products, including two new single premium ...

private sector dhanalakshmi bank has partnered with bank of new york to facilitate online remittance services from the us to ...

the multilateral lenders like the world bank and asian development bank (adb) have agreed to shortly extend $2.4 billion (around ...

citigroup today appointed alasdair morrison, a former head of moragn stanley asia, as senior adviser of citi business in asia in ...

riding high on a resurgence in the stock market and to serve potential investors of the northern states, north india-based ...

the consolidated farm credit potential in uttar pradesh has been pegged at rs 51,400 crore for the 2010-11 fiscal by national ...

most people are not surprised with ajay adiseshann s regular use of his mobile handset for paying utility bills and making ...

the yield on government bonds is expected to move in range awaiting fresh signals on monetary policy stance ahead of third ...

with the reserve bank of india (rbi) increasing the cap on mobile banking to rs 50,000 a day, more than 50 per cent of account ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao today met finance minister pranab mukherjee, ahead of the central bank s ...

china s foreign exchange reserves surged to a record level in december and new loans exceeded forecasts, raising stakes in ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee today exuded hope that a woman would soon occupy the coveted post of the rbi governor, so far a ...

president pratibha patil today asked the reserve bank (rbi) to consider evolving a mechanism to give loans to women self-help ...

ahead of the reserve bank s (rbi) monetary policy review slated for later this month, central bank governor d subbarao today met ...

hdfc bank s board today decided to give a three-year extension to managing director aditya puri. his term was to end in ...

axis bank today announced the appointment of adarsh kishore as non-executive chairman. kishore, who just returned to india after ...

wall street firms, facing pressure from lawmakers and shareholders to rein in pay, may report smaller bonus pools because of ...

banks withdrew heavily from mutual funds (mfs) in the last fortnight of december. the reason high credit growth and provisions ...

it is estimated that peer-to-peer (p2p) lending will soar at least 66 per cent to $5 billion of outstanding loans in the next ...

presidents of the urban co-operative banks (ucbs) of the three districts of mysore, chamarajanagar and mandya have appealed to ...

buoyed by a robust 48 per cent growth in its fee-based income, idbi bank has clocked a 29 per cent jump in net profit at rs 287 ...

banking major jpmorgan chase co today reported a nearly five-fold jump in profit to $3.3 billion in the fourth quarter of ...

the asian development bank today said india is poised for a strong recovery this year and urged policymakers to address rising ...

major us banks and securities firms are moving towards paying their employees a record sum of about $145 billion in compensation ...

hinduja group-promoted indusind bank today said its net profit rose by 95.38 per cent to rs 88.04 crore for the quarter ended ...

citigroup will limit the cash bonuses for its bankers at below $1,00,000 in a move to defuse public uproar over compensation, ...

axis bank, india s third largest private sector bank today reported a rise of 31 per cent at rs 655.98 crore in its net profit ...

the bank had reported a profit of rs 621.74 crore during the same quarter a year ago, according to a statement to the bombay ...

icici bank, one of india s largest private sector banks, has invested rs 250 crore in the lavasa corporation, which is a ...

erasing its early gains, the rupee was trading 11 paise down at 45.73 against the dollar in late morning deals on good demand ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to allow money withdrawals from the point of sale (pos) terminals using prepaid cards ...

in a bid to deal with the asset-liability mismatch (alm), banks today sought concessions from the reserve bank of india (rbi) for ...

south indian bank (sib) has clocked 15.8 per cent increase in net profit at rs 62.46 crore in the third quarter of the current ...

the european central bank today retained its key interest rate at 1 per cent to boost the region s economy, which is slowly ...

leading bankers today asked the reserve bank of india (rbi) not to squeeze money supply through policy instruments in the ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), has shortlisted 3-4 companies for its proposed joint venture to foray ...

foreign fund house citigroup global has sold shares valued over rs 480 crore of 35 indian companies, including bluechips like ...

south indian bank (sib) reported a 15.8 per cent increase in net profit at rs 62.46 crore in the third quarter of current ...

the rupee today gained 21 paise at 45.40 against the dollar in late morning trade on persistent selling of dollars by banks due ...

the government has shortlisted around 40 general managers (gms) from public sector banks to be interviewed for promotion as ...

government-owned union bank of india has initiated preliminary discussions with three-four small-sized indonesian banks for a ...

the government is likely to relax the proposed norms on minimum alternate tax (mat) for insurance companies. the finance ministry ...

ahead of state bank of india s proposed bond issue for retail investors, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today asked banks ...

the last fortnight of 2009 brought back smile on the face of bankers, as outstanding credit in this period grew at the quickest ...

mumbai-based realtor, sunil mantri group, is planning to invest rs 500 crore for its upcoming projects in bangalore. with a ...

automed systems, which set up its probiosys center for excellence (coe), aims to raise funds to scale up the coe for rs 40-50 ...

future generali india life insurance, a joint venture between future group of india and generali group of italy, is looking at a ...

the government-owned union bank of india (ubi) has initiated preliminary discussions with 3-4 small-sized indonesian banks for ...

credit growth of banks remained at 13 per cent for the fortnight ended january 1 compared to 24 per cent in same period a year ...

the us regulator, securities and exchange commission (sec) is set to name chiefs for five new specialised investigative units, ...

a hedge fund manager called tipper x in the insider-trading case involving hedge fund galleon group founder and billionaire raj ...

china raised the proportion of deposits that banks must set aside as reserves to cool the world s fastest-growing major ...

only listed bonds which are rated aa and above and have original maturity of at least one year can be used ...

state-owned corporation bank is in early talks with the government for a rs 6,000-crore rights issue, chairman and managing ...

idbi bank had completed due diligence on a private bank for a possible acquisition, chairman and managing director yogesh agarwal ...

for the first time since fixed-cum-floating rate home loan schemes, branded as teaser rates, were introduced in december 2008, ...

the union government has decided not to make any change in the listing rules for insurance companies till a parliamentary panel ...

the takeout financing scheme of the india infrastructure finance co (iifcl) has raised eyebrows. the planning commission has ...

though the index of industrial production expanded 11.7 per cent in november, the reserve bank of india (rbi) sees the recovery ...

kolkata-based financial services provider magma fincorp posted about 161 per cent rise in net profit at rs 17.9 crore during the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today expressed concern over banks offering teasing home loan rates to outsmart each other but ...

to tighten anti-money laundering norms, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked banks and financial institutions to maintain ...

future generali india life insurance company today said it expects five-fold increase in new business premium at rs 750 crore by ...

insurance-sector regulator, irda is planning to come out with the ipo guidelines for insurance companies by the end of next ...

three new directors including private sector lender icici bank ceo chanda kochhar and citigroup south asia head mark robinson ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is still looking for a chairman of the housing finance regulator national housing bank (nhb), ...

after putting a cap on charges on unit- linked insurance plans (ulips) products, the insurance-sector regulator, insurance ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), plans to hire more than 27,000 people this year to fill vacancies across ...

state-run dena bank is looking at to raise rs 1,300 crore capital over the next three years, out of which rs 600 crore will be ...

idbi bank chairman and managing director yogesh agarwal today said that the public sector player had completed due diligence on a ...

the us federal reserve has made a profit of a whopping $45 billion in 2009, a record in the 96-year history of the central bank, ...

the rupee today depreciated by 16 paise to 45.50 a dollar in early trade as the us currency strengthened against major world ...

ifci was not planning to apply for a banking licence as of now and was targeting to raise around rs 1,200 crore in january-march ...

life insurance corporation (lic), india s largest life insurer, said the company would be able to meet the current ...

banks continued to place certificates of deposit (cds) on the view that rates may rise in near future if the reserve bank of ...

we are keen on having a centralised pe enterprise which will help incubate stand-alone and partnership funds, yes ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, is expected to set aside more funds to meet the new norms that ...

public sector banks have almost given up on meeting the 20 per cent credit growth target they had set at the start of the current ...

psu lender indian overseas bank (iob) today said its bad loans are likely to increase in the december quarter but would stabilise ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said the banking system may increasingly face the problem of staff-attrition in the period ...

canara bank will soon become the sixth major indian bank to open a branch in the east midlands town of leicester, which has a ...

the rupee today rallied by 42 paise to close at a 16-month high of 45.34 against the us dollar on heavy selling of the american ...

financial services major goldman sachs plans to expand a programme that would require executive and top managers to give a ...

british banks fear their fragile recovery will grind to a halt over the next few months, according to a survey by employers ...

insurance companies have managed to reduce the losses incurred on the motor insurance portfolio, that accounts for nearly half ...

city-based kanakamahalakshmi co-operative bank (kcb) has received reserve bank of india s nod to take over loss-making ...

credit rating agencies are expected to do brisk business in the fourth quarter, with more and more small and medium (sme) ...

tamilnad mercantile bank (tmb) is targeting a business of rs 50,000 crore by 2012-13 for which it would require around rs 1,000 ...

world s biggest banks will pay out more than $65 billion in salaries and bonuses over the next fortnight, with banking ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor k v chakrabarty has emphasised adoption of business-like approach with focussed ...

orissa is likely to get rs 227 crore from the world bank for the integrated coastal zone management (iczm) project being ...

london s investment banks are luring back traders and analysts they lost to brokerage firms during the credit crisis, ...

bank of america corp, the biggest us bank, expects to pay record bonuses to some investment bankers while keeping the overall ...

according to rbi data, the government s balance with the central bank stood at rs 37,193 crore as of january 1. in the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has promoted 10 of its general managers as chief general managers (cgms). the promotion process, ...

india s foreign exchange reserves rose $22 million to $283.52 million during the week ended january 1, mainly due to the ...

while the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is working on making third-party motor cover obligatory for ...

witnessing one of the highest amount of loan disbursements among several states, gujarat grew by 60-70 per cent by end of second ...

the royal bank of scotland (rbs) will sell part of fund management assets to aberdeen asset management plc for an estimated 84.7 ...

prosecutors in seoul are taking legal steps to sell confiscated assets of the founder and former chairman of the now-dismantled ...

bank of america corp (bofa) is likely to pay its investment bankers bonuses close to 2007 level as the bank tries to retain key ...

indian-american anil kumar, former director of consulting firm mckinsey, has pleaded guilty to fraud charges in one of the ...

the rupee depreciated by 8 paise to 45.75 a dollar in early trade today as the us currency strengthened against major global ...

rajiv shah has been officially sworn in today as the administrator of us aid for international development (usaid), making him ...

the teaser home loan rate, the interest rate which is set artificially low for the initial period, could give a payment ...

the long suspense over control of the tamilnad mercantile bank (tmb) ended on thursday, with the sivanthi adityan-led group ...

in a move to bring more clarity on asset cover norms for debt securities, the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) today ...

state bank of india (sbi), which had recently entered into an agreement with the orissa government for payment of wages to the ...

spurred by growth in the number of policies renewed, commission expenses of the life insurance industry grew by 5.64 per cent in ...

the government on thursday set a schedule to examine the problems ailing the insurance sector in the field of accident insurance. ...

hinting at a buoyant economy in 2010, uday kotak, vice chairman and managing director, kotak mahindra bank ltd said that the ...

the federal reserve bank of new york, then led by timothy geithner, told american international group inc to withhold details ...

japanese watch maker citizen watches is expecting its eco-drive collection of watches to boost sales in the indian market. the ...

continuing with its low interest rate regime to boost the nation s recession-hit economy, the bank of england today left the key ...

india s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) plans to introduce 7,000 voice-enabled atms across the country for visually ...

aiming to break even in the next three years, ing life is targeting a 15 per cent increase in its new business premiums, a top ...

insurance claims arising out of the mumbai terror attacks in 2008 are estimated to wipe out about rs 500 crore from the corpus ...

federal prosecutors said they will file fresh charges against sri lankan-born hedge fund operator raj rajaratnam alleging he made ...

there is unanimity in thinking among the intelligentsia that if india is to become an economic power, growth has to be inclusive ...

kotak mahindra group has partnered with overseas indian facilitation centre (oifc) to offer wealth management advisory and ...

the rupee today appreciated by 10 paise to hit a 15-month high of 45.74 a dollar in early trade, tracking other firming asian ...

announcing its foray into rural and micro-finance segment, reliance life insurance company limited on wednesday announced the ...

spice finance, a wholly owned subsidiary of bk modi group s spice global, is in advanced stage of acquiring an asset ...

the domestic exchange traded currency futures on wednesday witnessed the highest turnover since its launch last year. the ...

the state-owned insurance giant life insurance corporation of india (lic) and private sector insurer hdfc standard life missed ...

punjab national bank will bring all the rural branches under core banking solution (cbs) platform by the end of this financial ...

indian oil corp, the nation s largest state-owned refiner, hired hsbc holdings plc, standard chartered plc and deutsche ...

the bank recorded an overall business growth of 20.70 per cent in the third quarter, taking the total business of the bank ...

icici merchant services, the newly-formed joint venture (jv) between icici bank and first data corporation (fdc), plans to expand ...

management consulting firm boston consultancy group (bcg) will soon start consultations with national bank for agriculture and ...

the rupee on wednesday hit a 15-month high against the us dollar. the movement was in line with the appreciation of other asian ...

with a sharp rise in bond yields in the third quarter, most banks have been saved mark-to-market (revaluing securities to reflect ...

while the deposits of the bank stood at rs 1,661.29 crore, advances were at rs 1,355.53 crore.

financial services major citigroup inc s chief of investment banking john havens received over $9 million in compensation last ...

icicidirect today launched an exlcusive trading facility for independent financial advisors (ifas), with a view to provide them a ...

relaxation in the norms relating to infrastructure lending and 70 per cent loan loss coverage ratio are likely to top the agenda ...

icici lombard general insurance company and development credit bank (dcb) have entered into a bancassurance agreement for the ...

swiss banking major credit suisse today announced appointment of bunt ghosh and atsushi mizuno as vice chairman of its fixed ...

financial services provider hsbc investdirect (india) today said its subsidiary il fs investsmart insurance brokers ltd will ...

one of the leading insurance companies in the country, bajaj allianz today announced launch of its innovative tax campaign in ...

upping the ante in the home loan war, the country s third largest private sector lender axis bank today announced a ...

pension fund regulatory and development authority (pfrda) would launch a low-cost pension scheme on april 1 to provide social ...

idbi bank chairman and managing director yogesh agarwal has emerged the frontrunner for the post of the chairman of the pension ...

bankers will next week make a strong pitch to the reserve bank of india (rbi) to maintain sufficient liquidity to meet the demand ...

haryana cooperation minister paramvir singh said that the central cooperative banks in the state would provide a loan of rs 8,600 ...

half of the banks in the world will lack an innovation programme to improve services by 2013, severely restricting growth, as ...

anil dhirubhai ambani group firm reliance life insurance today launched two new products -- jan samriddhi plan and super ...

media firm eros international plans to raise rs 350 crore through an initial public offer (ipo) and has filed a draft ...

the rupee today appreciated by 8 paise to hit a month s high of 46.22 against the us currency in early trade, in line with other ...

central bank of india, a public sector lender, plans to sell non-performing assets (npas) of 41 industrial units with an ...

rapid and volatile capital inflows or outflows could pose significant policy challenges, potentially leading to exchange rate ...

the us financial services major goldman sachs is reviewing whether to move some of the company s operations out of london, ...

the new brand enables the private bank to reaffirm its identity as part of societe generale group and to leverage further ...

for fcnr (b) deposits, the revised interest rate in us dollars has been fixed at 1.98 per cent for deposits of one year and ...

the indian rupee today gained 7 paise against the us currency in early trade on increased capital inflows into stock markets in ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard), which recently increased the corpus of its tribal development ...

about 40,000 vacancies have been created in public sector banks so far this year due to retirements, resignations and expansion ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has estimated a credit flow potential of rs 31,254.74 crore for the ...

in a move that could signal hardening of interest rates, state-owned union bank of india has introduced a new scheme that offers ...

the country s foreign exchange reserves fell by $144 million for the week ended december 25, 2009, mainly due to ...

as demand for credit picked up and growth in deposits fell, banks exposure to mutual funds fell by rs 21,957 crore, or ...

in a bid to expand its fee-based income, country s largest lender state bank of india is planning to place about 150,000 ...

india s forex reserves declined by $144 million to $283.499 billion in the week ended december 25 as compared to $283.643 billion ...

leading bankers do not foresee any rise in the interest rates at least for the next six months and want the reserve bank of india ...

in a bid to expand its fee-based income, country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) is planning to place about 1.50 lakh ...

financial services entity wells fargo will grant stock awards to the tune of 425 million to its four top executives including ...

indian-american anil kumar, an accused in one of the the largest insider trading scam in the us, has agreed to waive indictment ...

the rupee depreciated by 7 paise against the dollar on the first day of new year today due to firm demand for the us currency ...

state bank of india on thursday launched sona ghar , its first exclusive gold banking outlet in the country, at its ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned a loan of rs 102 crore to uttar pradesh under the ...

corporation bank expects to close 2009-10 with a growth of about 20 per cent in advances and 22 per cent in deposits over the ...

the new year may bring challenges for distributors of financial products who had found solace in unit-linked insurance products ...

current market fluctuations in bonds yields were not dangerous, and a 10-year yield of 7-8 per cent was not uncomfortable, ...

there has been a sharp fall in securitisation of corporate loans in the last one year. in contrast, the volume of retail loans ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) would not just look at inflation to decide its policy, but also growth recovery, credit, and money ...

india s current account deficit (cad) for the second quarter ended september 2009 was almost flat at $12.6 billion, ...

online banking applications provider yodlee, has deployed its proprietary account aggregation solution to power ...

use of cheque books and passbooks dropped as technology was the buzzword. atms came up at every corner and with electronic fund ...

it is very tough to predict what the interest rate scenario will be like. right now, there is plenty of liquidity and credit ...

the rupee opened 2009 at 48.77 to a dollar. it continued to depreciate until the middle of march. then, it began to strengthen ...

yields on 10-year government securities are expected to touch 8 per cent, thanks to expectations of an end to easy-money policy, ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard), which recently increased the corpus of its tribal development fund ...

if 2009 was a year when three of the country s largest private sector financial services groups saw new faces at the top, ...

at the end of 2008, banks were staring at a slowing economy, souring retail loans and a tanking stock market. the focus, ...

at the behest of the central government, exim bank of india has extended a $30 million line of credit (loc) to government of cote ...

standalone health insurer apollo munich health today said it plans to invest rs 275 crore in the next 5 years to grow its ...

islamic investment bank gulf finance house (gfh) has booked a $300 million provision over its exposure to a dubai development ...

kolkata-based united bank of india (ubi) has filed draft red herring prospectus (drhp) with the securities and exchange board of ...

the insurance sector is making a strong comeback. buoyed by a steep rise in sale of single premium policies, the industry clocked ...

punjab and sind bank ltd had sought government approval for its proposed initial public offer, a source close to the development ...

kolkata-based united bank of india (ubi) has filed a draft red herring prospectus (drhp) with the securities and exchange board ...

india s largest mortgage financing company, housing development finance corporation (hdfc), is likely to get a reprieve on ...

state bank of mysore (sbm) will raise rs 600 crore from rights issue, under which more equity will be offered to the existing ...

public sector lender united bank of india (ubi) today filed a draft red herring prospectus (drhp) with the securities and ...

credit offtake remained subdued at 11 per cent during the one-year period ending december 18, indicating the economic activity is ...

the country s largest housing finance firm, hdfc, can now breathe a little easy as it has got two more years from the regulator ...

the administrators of the european operations of the failed lehman brothers will return assets worth over $11 billion to the ...

the new businesses of the life insurance companies grew 22 per cent to rs 55,355 crore in the first eight months of the current ...

a prominent body of indian stock brokers today demanded both bombay stock exchange and national stock exchange to maintain ...

2009 was mostly bad news for countries, governments and individuals in terms of economic prosperity, but the year was the best in ...

troubled consumer finance firm gmac financial services is likely to get around $3.5 billion (around rs 16,350 crore) of ...

mutual funds refrained from purchasing short-term money market instruments today due to limited inflows into their schemes, ...

concerned over food inflation spreading to other sectors through adverse expectations, reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), has said that there will be no hike in lending rates in the next ...

the tightening of credit norms for unsecured loans is showing. according to data, flow of personal loans declined 0.1 per cent in ...

troubled insurer american international group (aig) is preparing to pay its outgoing general counsel anastasia kelly several ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india, has said that there will be no hike in lending rates in the next six months as ...

all india andhra bank officers federation (aiabof) has strongly opposed the government s move to consolidate and ...

india inc could set a new fund-raising record in 2010. even before the year starts, companies have lined up equity raising plans ...

the delhi district cricket association (ddca) and the board of control for cricket in india (bcci), organisers of ...

country s largest lender state bank of india s (sbi) pension corpus could be regulated by the pension fund regulatory and ...

the year 2009 saw insurance firms waiting for easing of foreign direct investment (fdi) norms, just as they have done every year ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard), has extended its financing scheme through joint liability ...

five years after acquiring the hyderabad-based global trust bank, state-owned oriental bank of commerce has begun the hunt for ...

british banking giant barclays is curtailing international expansion plans under a crackdown imposed by its new head of retail ...

bajaj allianz life insurance, one of the leading private life insurance companies, plans to recruit about 5000 more agents in ...

despite the economies of scale offered by public cloud providers, private cloud services will prevail for the foreseeable future ...

despite the fall in deal volumes on both the merger and acquisition (m a) and private equity (pe) fronts during the fourth ...

public-sector lender bank of baroda (bob) saw its home loan portfolio grow by 23-25 per cent during april-november, and expects ...

the chief executive officers of jpmorgan chase co, goldman sachs group inc and morgan stanley will headline the inaugural ...

the dollar was poised to end three consecutive weeks of gains against the euro on speculation the federal reserve will maintain ...

the us treasury department will remove the caps on aid to fannie mae and freddie mac for the next three years, to allay investor ...

the pension fund regulatory development authority (pfrda) is taking ing various measures to increase the number of subscribers ...

the asia-pacific region attracted as many as 89 billion-dollar deals the highest total on record worth over $292 ...

private sector icici bank plans to raise rs 4,000 crore of capital through upper tier-ii and tier-i perpetual bonds to support ...

india s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) has financed many wind power projects in the country now it is setting up ...

the country s second largest public sector lender, punjab national bank, today said its bhutan joint venture and dubai branch ...

the issue concerning foreign ownership in indian banks is currently under discussion among the finance ministry, commerce and ...

about 100 alumni from the defunct securities firm that jpmorgan acquired in march 2008 assembled december 18 at the dream ...

raising finance for companies eyeing renewable energy projects would no more be a tough task as banks and consultants are working ...

ten years ago, a survey had projected that the life insurance industry would see its premium income grow at a compounded annual ...

banks continued to issue certificates of deposit (cds) today, on hope rates could rise in the coming weeks and to refinance their ...

the amount parked by banks today at the reverse repo window of the reserve bank of india (rbi) dipped below rs 20,000 crore, ...

responding to banks petitions, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has raised the transaction limit for mobile banking to rs ...

the country s largest private sector lender icici bank has hived off its point-of-sale terminals business into a $80 ...

asset financier shriram transport finance bought the commercial vehicles and construction equipment portfolios of two ge capital ...

country s largest private sector lender icici bank has sold its points of sale terminals that accept the debit and credit card ...

d subbarao, governor, reserve bank of india, will release the third quarter review of monetary policy 2009-10 on january ...

the federal housing finance agency is expected to announce the pay packages of top executives at the government-run ...

with many rich nations failing to meet kyoto protocol goals, top climate expert r k pachauri today said a stronger and ...

state-run bank of india was set to launch an 8 per cent home loan scheme from january 1, m narendra, executive director of the ...

government-owned punjab national bank (pnb) has halved the penalty for premature withdrawal of deposits a move aimed at ...

after hitting a 13-month high in october, external commercial borrowings (ecbs) and foreign currency convertible bonds (fccbs) ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today allowed insurance companies to offer health plus life combi ...

british banking entity lloyds tsb bank has reached a $217 million settlement with the us, related to transactions with countries, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today extended the transition period given to the banks to treat the advances to equity-oriented ...

troubled financial services firm citigroup has said that any allegation that the federal bureau of investigation (fbi) is working ...

public-sector lender bank of india (boi) is set to become the latest entrant in the home loan rate war, after biggies like sbi ...

the country s second largest public sector lender, punjab national bank, today said it can raise up to rs 7,000 crore from bonds ...

with a view to boost its local footprint macquarie securities group (msg) today announced three senior equity sales and research ...

so far 50 per cent of our capital requirement has been taken care of by internal accruals since mmfl is a profit making ...

bangalore-based public sector lender, vijaya bank has informed the bombay stock exchange (bse) that its authorised capital has ...

indian banks might meet the reserve bank of india s projection of an 18 per cent growth in credit, k v kamath, chairman of ...

banks are trying to increase their returns on idle cash by offering short-term loans to boost the top line in a quarter when ...

star union dai-ichi life insurance is targeting a new business premium collection of rs 600-crore by end-fiscal, a top company ...

indusind bank, a new generation private sector bank, inaugurated mumbai s first solar-powered automated teller machine ...

with a view to boost its local footprint, macquarie securities group (msg), today announced three senior equity sales and ...

sri lankan tamil-origin billionaire raj rajaratnam has pleaded not guilty before a court here to running an insider trading scam ...

undeterred by the premature end to its life insurance joint venture with indiabulls financial services ltd, french banking giant ...

the life insurance industry logged a 21 per cent increase in premium collections during the first seven months of the current ...

banks continued to issue certificates of deposit (cd) today to refinance papers maturating in december, and also on views that ...

credit suisse group ag, switzerland s biggest bank by market value, named boon sim global head of mergers and acquisitions, ...

raising banks cash reserve ratio (crr) might be one of the tools to be used by the reserve bank of india (rbi) to suck out ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) was needed to drain cash from the economy to check speculation in commodities, former governor ...

financial market regulators and senior finance ministry officials met today to review recent developments in markets and ...

the country s largest foreign lender, citibank, today announced the launch of citihome one, which seeks to combine the ...

i am in touch with many of the entrepreneurs. many of them have sent me their business plans. we are waiting for our ...

the interest rate futures (irfs) trading in the country will get a boost in coming days, as life insurance corporation (lic) and ...

the dollar is rallying in tandem with stocks and commodities for the first time since before lehman brothers holdings inc s ...

dhanalakshmi bank is aiming for a total business of rs 12,000-crore and hire 300 more personnel to take its total headcount to ...

troubled insurer american international group (aig) will take two years to repay the bailout funds, which it had received from ...

citibank today launched citihome one, a first-of-its-kind universal mortgage product, that would enable customers to get a ...

shortly after launching its mutual funds (mf) transaction platform, bombay stock exchange now plans to allow its brokers place ...

raising finance for companies eyeing renewable energy projects would no more be an onerous project as banks and consultants are ...

state-run uco bank is planning to open 100 branches across the country by the end of this financial year. majority of the ...

the state level bankers committee (slbc) has constituted a sub-committee to augment and monitor the flow of credit to the ...

aviva life insurance company limited, one of india s leading life insurance companies, plans to come out with 3-4 new insurance ...

the aditya birla group has forged an alliance with sbi cards to rollout co-branded cards. the group plans to launch these cards ...

treasury secretary timothy geithner said us banks weren t hurting their ability to lend as they repaid the loans of the ...

societe generale sa, france s second-largest bank by market value, and indiabulls financial services planned to end their ...

in view of banks classifying even short-term loans to housing finance companies (hfcs) as priority sector lending, the reserve ...

government bond yields rose today following a meeting between union finance minister and reserve bank of india governor along ...

leading home-loan lender hdfc plans to disburse rs 3,000 crore over the next two-months under its special housing loan plan, ...

private sector lender, indusind bank has presented its roadmap to the reserve bank, to bring down the promoter stake to the ...

the country s second largest public lender, punjab national bank (pnb) has offered to grant home loans at floating interest ...

as food inflation shot up to a 10-year high of 19.95 per cent, the yield on government bonds softened today on belief the reserve ...

national australia bank ltd bid a$13.3 billion ($12 billion) for axa asia pacific holdings ltd, scuttling amp ltd s joint ...

the national australia bank s acquisition of axa asia pacific holdings is unlikely to have an impact on the latter s ...

troubled insurance giant american international group (aig) is in advance stages to list its asian life insurance unit on the ...

focus edu care, a provider of classroom and virtual education, is planning to invest around rs 30-40 crore on expanding its ...

fixed maturity plan (fmp) launches, which had slowed down since the end of 2008, have again gathered steam with mutual funds ...

the us treasury has suddenly shelved its plan to begin offloading stocks worth $5 billion in citigroup after an unlively response ...

as part of efforts to put in place more efficient ways of making payments, no cheques will be issued or honoured in britain from ...

the us federal reserve has said economic activity is improving while deciding to continue with the near-zero interest rate regime ...

the bailed out fat cats on the wall street woke up to stringent compensation norms this year sans hefty bonuses, as the obama ...

japanese prime minister yukio hatoyama has expressed plans to increase japan s aid to developing countries in curbing greenhouse ...

the indian rupee today weakened by 18 paisa to 46.85 against the us dollar in early trade on fresh dollar demand from importers ...

the 50-year-old moynihan would take up the new position and join the board after the retirement of lewis on december 31, 2009, ...

bajaj allianz life insurance, one of the leading private life insurance companies, expects to collect rs 10-12 crore premium in ...

kerala, which relies on west asian remittances for a quarter of its economy, plans to sell the nation s first islamic bonds ...

dubai borrowed $10 billion from abu dhabi this week by selling its neighbor five-year bonds paying an annual interest rate of 4 ...

schools and colleges have become the new hunting ground for non-life insurers, eager to push personal accident (pa) policies, a ...

the intensification of global financial crisis in the second half of 2008 had forced indian companies to put on hold their global ...

the us government quietly agreed to forgo about $38 billion in potential tax payment from troubled financial giant citigroup as ...

credit growth of banks remained quite low at just over 10 per cent for the fortnight ended december 4 on an yearly basis compared ...

banking services were partially disrupted today as a section of employees owing allegiance to left unions stayed away from work ...

swiss banking major credit suisse is expected to shell out $536 million as fine to the american authorities, for its dealings ...

japanese financial services major nomura today announced the acquisition of london-based corporate finance advisory firm tricorn ...

a us federal grand jury has indicted billionaire raj rajaratnam, founder of galleon hedge fund, in a multi-million-dollar wall ...

bank employees owing allegiance to four left-leaning unions today went on a strike protesting the proposed merger of the state ...

haryana is scouting for alternative means of revenue generation to combat the tight fiscal health of the state. state finance ...

citigroup inc chief executive officer vikram pandit, emerging from a us bailout with higher capital levels and loan-loss reserves ...

wells fargo co, seeking to wipe away the tarnish of us government bailout funds, kept pace with rival banks by announcing a ...

dlf pramerica life insurance is expecting new business of about rs 90 crore in 2010, three times the business generated in the ...

magma fincorp limited, a leading asset finance company, has picked up seven per cent stake in experian credit information company ...

recognising indian economy s ability to quickly overcome the effects of the global financial crisis, rating agency ...

out of the targeted total business of rs 39,000 crore, deposits are expected to be rs 24,000 crore with the remaining rs 15,000 ...

kotak investment banking, a subsidiary of kotak mahindra bank, has entered into an exclusive alliance with renaissance capital, ...

the association has been opposing the agreement, for denial of the benefit of additional cost being paid to other banks for the ...

trikona trinity capital, the alternative investment market (aim)-listed real estate fund, has terminated the contract with its ...

amid the raging controversy over the issue of bankers bonus, the royal bank of scotland (rbs) has asserted that its ability to ...

public sector lender state bank of india (sbi) today received final approval for its general insurance venture from the sectoral ...

state-owned idbi bank today announced lowering interest rates to 8.25 per cent for home loans irrespective of the amount till ...

major global banks such as standard chartered, barclays and hsbc have paid lesser amounts in advance tax in the third quarter of ...

indiafirst life insurance has received regulatory approval to launch three products and expects to commence its operations by the ...

betting big on the growing india-related m a deals, private-sector lender kotak mahindra bank today entered into a pact with ...

banking operations are likely to be hit tomorrow as public sector bank employees will go on a one-day nation-wide strike to ...

american international group s (aig) chief executive robert benmosche has said the insurance company is too big and ...

state-owned allahabad bank is planning to open 26 centralised retail-banking boutiques across the country by the end of this ...

recognising indian economy s resilience to global financial crisis, rating agency moody s today upgraded its outlook ...

hsbc asset management (india) private limited has announced the appointment of mehul bhatt as head of fund ...

united bank of india (ubi) is likely to file a red herring prospectus with the securities and exchange board of india for their ...

financial inclusion, the process of ensuring access of timely and adequate credit by the vulnerable groups at an affordable cost, ...

nowhere are yields as low as in japan s debt market and nowhere are returns higher as prime minister yukio hatoyama s ...

oriental insurance company limited, the market leader in the non-life insurance segment in orissa, has targeted a premium ...

banks are exploring the option of increasing the sub-prime lending rate, mainly offered to companies, while keeping the benchmark ...

based on the recommendations of t m bhasin committee, appointed on behalf of west bengal state level bankers committee, ...

after acquiring 51 per cent stake in domestic money changer and transfer agent wall street finance, the bk modi group-promoted ...

sbi cards, the 60 40 joint venture between state bank of india and ge capital, has a new ceo. abhay singh, who used to be chief ...

financial services major morgan stanley has appointed merrill lynch president and chief operating officer gregory j fleming to ...

bank of new york mellon corp s chief executive robert kelly has emerged as the front-runner for the top job at bank of america ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi), which has started exiting its easy money regime, might hike its cash reserve ratio (crr) and ...

the lok sabha today post facto put its seal on merger of the state bank of saurashtra (sbs) with state bank of india (sbi) amid ...

the citigroup may cut a deal with the us government today that will allow it to repay the bailout fund the financial entity had ...

public sector canara bank, as part of fulfilling its corporate social responsibility (csr) is in the process of imparting ...

the rupee today depreciated by 20 paise to 46.73 against the us dollar in opening trade largely on fears of fresh capital ...

the emirs, presidents and sheikhs of the six members of the gulf cooperation council meet in kuwait this week with the days of ...

the country s second-largest public sector lender, punjab national bank (pnb), has bet big on rural customers in the ...

the yield on government bonds may harden if the inflation data for month of november indicates that prices of various products ...

after achieving profit of rs 3.10 crore in the fiscal ending march 2009, the mysore-headquartered mysore and chamarajanagar ...

reliance life is in talks with chinese insurance giant china life for a pre-initial public offer (ipo) placement. the anil ...

bank employees are planning to go on strike on december 16 during the parliament session against banking sector reforms such as ...

after achieving a profit of rs 3.10 crore during the fiscal ending march 2009, the mysore-headquartered mysore and chamarajanagar ...

private life insurer, aegon religare, plans to enter the health insurance segment while continuing to focus on term insurance ...

payments made through debit cards rose around 40 per cent to rs 14,598 crore in the first seven months of the current fiscal ...

one isn t sure about the political leanings of duvvuri subbarao, but it seems the scion of the nehru-gandhi family has left ...

bond yields may ease slightly on monday following the reserve bank of india s (rbi) announcement that it will auction rs ...

state-owned punjab national bank (pnb) aims to achieve credit growth of 17 per cent in 2009-10, but the pick-up in credit since ...

standard chartered bank today announced the appointment of jaspal bindra to the bank s global board of directors. as part ...

the yield on the 10-year government paper reached the highest level in over a year on fear the central bank will start tightening ...

europe today urged the imf to introduce a social tax on banks, insurers and markets to repay taxpayers support ...

london-based banking major, standard chartered today announced the appointment of jaspal bindra as its new group executive ...

the indian rupee today strengthened by 7 paise to 46.57 a dollar against in early trade on hopes of fresh capital inflows into ...

the country s largest power generator, ntpc ltd, will be officially powering the commonwealth games being held next year. ...

bharti axa general insurance company ltd, a 74 26 per cent joint venture between bharti enterprises and axa group, today launched ...

bharti axa general insurance has introduced four new add-on covers under its motor insurance portfolio, which will be available ...

a day after the reserve bank of india (rbi) tightened norms governing external commercial borrowings (ecb), governor d subbarao ...

state-run central bank of india plans to raise rs 400 crore through a bond issue in two months, while it may get rs 700 crore as ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will soon convene a meeting of bankers to discuss ways to boost financial inclusion by using the ...

the supreme court has held that banks are liable to compensate a customer whose money is wrongly paid to another person without ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has directed regional rural banks (rrbs) to keep a watch on transactions of customers with ...

about 25 lakh life insurance agents would stage a dharna tomorrow at jantar mantar in delhi to oppose the recommendations of a ...

religare finvest, the non-banking finance arm of religare enterprises, today said it has entered into an agreement with public ...

global financial services firm citigroup is in advanced talks with regulators over its plans to raise more than $15 billion ...

the reserve bank (rbi) has made it easy for telecom companies bidding for third generation (3g) mobile spectrum to borrow money ...

emirates airline says it plans to receive its fifth airbus a380 superjumbo next week and another before year s end ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today allyed concerns about capital inflows building an asset bubble and said it is keeping a ...

encouraged by the growing fan following for its tweets on the micro-blogging site twitter, the national stock exchange has now ...

the bank of america (bofa) has repaid the us government the entire bailout money of $45 billion. the department of the treasury ...

the rupee today depreciated by 10 paise to 46.63 a dollar in opening trade on fears that capital inflows would be impacted ...

with improvement in the global credit markets and narrowing of spreads, the reserve bank of india (rbi) decided today to ...

former bank of england policy maker willem buiter said greece might be the first major country in the european union (eu) to ...

private sector lender development credit bank is set to enter the wealth management space, offering free services to all its ...

japanese financial services major nomura today said it is planning to significantly expand its base in india and china next year, ...

punjab national bank (pnb) has sold 26 per cent stake in its wholly owned housing subsidiary, pnb housing finance, to financial ...

hsbc holdings chairman stephen green said proposals to separate retail and investment banking are unrealistic and ...

chancellor of the exchequer alistair darling said the uk will force banks awarding bonuses above 25,000 ($40,800) to pay a ...

there is finally some good news for health insurance buyers. insurers are now beginning to cover outpatient department (opd) ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today tightened the guidelines for external commercial borrowings (ecbs) by withdrawing ...

to increase transparency, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today directed regional rural banks (rrbs) to disclose the commission ...

leading public sector lender punjab national bank (pnb) today said it has sold 26 per cent stake in its fully-owned home loan ...

financial advisory company fullerton securities wealth advisors today said it will hire 300 more people by the end of the ...

the indian rupee today depreciated by 19 paise against the us currency to fell to a two-week low in early trade on dollar buying ...

bharti axa general insurance company ltd, a 74 26 per cent joint venture between bharti enterprises and axa group, has signed a ...

with the economic slowdown impacting the demand for credit, the credit-deposit (cd) ratio of the commercial banks in orissa ...

the kerala high court today adjourned a petition filed by subramanian swamy, a former union minister, against the proposed ...

union bank of india had restricted investments into mutual funds (mfs) but has not yet exited them, and was in favour of ...

the financial supervisors in asia have tightened the norms to make provisions for non-performing loans after the crisis hit many ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has found and took action against 17 cases of irregularities by companies that raised foreign ...

after sitting over the proposal for several months, the government has finally appointed seven executive directors (eds) in as ...

credit offtake was expected to pick up in the coming months on the back of policy steps taken by the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

with the objective to create awareness regarding banking services among people in remote villages of north-east, reserve bank of ...

turnover of the 23 commodity exchanges in the country surged by 42.63 per cent to rs 47,29,971 crore till november this fiscal on ...

financial services company morgan stanley plans high-level management changes, which includes finance chief colm kelleher and ...

the rupee today appreciated by 8 paise against the dollar in early trade as exporters sold the us currency, which weakened ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao today said formation of asset-price bubbles was a bigger threat than consumer ...

the auction of the stock securities will be conducted by the apex bank rbi tomorrow, a release issued by the state finance ...

hinduja bank (switzerland) today announced that it has got a majority stake in chennai-based brokerage paterson securities after ...

after a breather, private sector banks are again catching up with their public sector counterparts in auto finance as car sales ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee today said neither the government nor the reserve bank of india (rbi) has given any directive ...

kerala-based muthoot finance, which is into financial services business, plans to open 21 branches in the visakhapatnam region by ...

magma fincorp has picked up 7 per cent stake in experian credit information company of india, the proposed indian arm of global ...

the core committee constituted by the indian banks association (iba) to calculate the modalities involved in the proposed ...

the largest private sector lender icici bank can soon operate as a local bank in singapore, following an in-principal approval ...

the us plans to slash the project costs of the troubled asset relief program (tarp) by over $200 billion, says a media report. ...

the bombay high court today asked the economic offences wing (eow) not to arrest delhi-based businessman sanjay dalmia after ...

government will support public sector banks to merge if they wanted, provided they fulfilled rbi and sebi guidelines, finance ...

the rupee today depreciated by 31 paise to 46.59 a dollar in opening trade on expectations of more capital outflows by foreign ...

the yield on government bonds may continue to move up, on apprehension that reserve bank of india (rbi) may harden the monetary ...

residents in india and other emerging economies borrowed $34 billion by issuing debt securities in the international market ...

six more us banks have been shut down, pushing the total number of failures this year to 130 or an average of nearly 11 entities ...

the department of industrial policy and promotion (dipp) under the ministry of commerce is of the view that indian private sector ...

amid speculations, that the reserve bank of india (rbi) may buy more gold from the imf, the prime minister s economic ...

the reversal of easy monetary policy would be a gradual process as the central bank is focusing on striking a balance between ...

regulators have shut down ohio s amtrust bank, the fourth-largest american bank to fail this year. they also closed five others, ...

a dispute between jammu kashmir bank (j k bank) and its majority shareholder, the government of j k, over a demand ...

deepak parekh, chairman and chief executive officer (ceo) of housing development finance corporation (hdfc), will step down from ...

the bank, which plans to repay $45 billion of us rescue funds, sold 1.286 billion so called common equivalent securities, ...

insurance australia group (iag) will pay rs 542 crore for a 26 per cent stake in its general insurance venture, sbi general ...

the public sector indian bank, with a lot of expertise in the field of recovery of non-performing assets (npas), is exploring the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said that financial inclusion is not restricted merely to opening of bank accounts and ...

saraswati das, 32, walks 20 km whenever she has to carry out a banking transaction. the walks have become more frequent of late ...

india s foreign exchange reserves rose by $1.379 billion for the week ended november 27, to $286.723 billion compared to $285.344 ...

public sector lender united bank of india (ubi) today said it has got the government approval to float an initial public offer ...

hdfc s chairman and chief executive officer (ceo) deepakh parekh will step down next month after serving the housing lender for ...

the export-import bank of india will ink a $100 million line of credit with the russian bank for development and foreign economic ...

britain s support for its banks has hit 850 billion pounds in the wake of the global financial crisis, a watchdog report said ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it would revisit the growth and inflation projection figures in january but ...

the proposed move to bring down government holding in state bank of india (sbi) to 51 per cent from about 59 per cent now could ...

the rupee today depreciated by 13 paise at 46.24 against the us dollar in opening trade largely on apprehensions that foreign ...

indicating an improvement in credit pick-up, state-owned oriental bank of commerce (obc), on thursday said it expected the loan ...

state bank of mysore has extended its two 8 per cent home loan schemes till march 31, but has begun levying processing charges ...

india s power sector continues to attract private equity (pe) players. according to industry sources, more than 51 per cent ...

reserve bank of india governor d subbarao today said the central bank would revisit its growth projection for the current ...

commercial banks would come out with a plan for financial inclusion by the end of the financial year, rbi governor d subbarao ...

the sharp run-up in the equities market and too much of liquidity globally have made deal closures an arduous task, private ...

the european central bank (ecb) today retained the benchmark rates, continuing with its low interest rate regime to boost the ...

public-sector lender bank of india (boi) today raised rs 325 crore tier-i capital through a bond issue. the capital has been ...

financial services firm barclays is set to award its 22,000 investment bankers pay rise of up to 150 per cent in an effort to ...

state-owned oriental bank of commerce today said it is looking at credit and deposit growth of up to 24 per cent each in the ...

the rupee strengthened by 14 paise to 46.20 against the us currency in early trade today on expectations of fresh capital inflows ...

the state bank of travancore (sbt) has extended the period of its aishwarya home loan scheme till march 31, 2010, with the ...

the fertiliser association of india (fai) envisages investments to the tune of rs 35,000 crore by the industry within three years ...

saraswat co-operative bank ltd (scbl)- the largest multi-state co-operative bank in the country will shortly acquire financially ...

american international group inc lowered its debt by $25 billion as the company transferred two overseas life insurance units ...

mortgage major housing development finance corp (hdfc) might extend its new home loan scheme beyond january, if cost of funds ...

saraswat co-operative bank, the largest multi-state co-operative bank in the country, is likely to acquire financially-troubled ...

the employees provident fund organisation (epfo) will soon be allowed to purchase long-term government bonds with maturity of 10 ...

state-run uco bank has got an approval from the reserve bank of india (rbi) for setting up 82 new branches across the country by ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee today said the government has not yet taken a decision on consolidation of public sector banks ...

troubled insurer american international group (aig) has closed two deals with the new york federal reserve (frbny) in a move ...

there are several inflection points that the industry is awaiting. prominent among them is the passage of the insurance ...

continuing with its gaining streak for the third straight day, the rupee today appreciated by 17 paise to touch one-week high at ...

months after dismissing state bank of india s (sbi s) special loan scheme as a gimmick, mortgage player housing ...

deputy commissioner darpan jain has asked the bank officials to ensure the compensation cheques given by the government to flood ...

the expert committee examining the way financial products are sold, which is chaired by pension fund regulatory and development ...

dubai world began talks with banks to restructure $26 billion of debt, including $3.5 billion owed by property unit nakheel, and ...

indian entrepreneurs may get a shot in the arm with the union government s department of science and technology (dst) ...

india s benchmark bonds fell for a third day, the longest stretch in almost a month, before the government auctions rs ...

idbi bank hired three banks to help it get $225 million (around rs 1,225 crore) of five-year loans, according to people familiar ...

the pension fund and regulatory development authority (pfrda) today unveiled a savings account scheme under the new pension ...

with more infrastructure projects needing funds, india infrastructure finance co (iifcl) expects a 50 per cent rise in disbursals ...

india s largest mortgage financier housing development finance corporation (hdfc) has converted warrants issued by hdfc ...

with its micro finance portfolio expected to cross rs 500 crore, ahmedabad-based non-profit organisation friends of women s ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) next policy move is likely to indicate a shift in stance, newly-appointed deputy ...

the government today said credit growth from banks has slowed down to 9.8 per cent till november 6 in the current fiscal against ...

kerala-based south indian bank (sib) has scaled up business target by rs 1,500 crore and is looking at a total volume of rs ...

the government today said the reserve bank of india (rbi) had not approved appointment of financial consultancy and auditing firm ...

the government today said a proposal for $2.97 billion loan from the world bank has been formulated and the same will be taken up ...

dubai world group has confirmed that its debt restructuring process of $26 billion would apply only to the dubai world and the ...

kerala-based dhanalakshmi bank has received rbi approval to raise fiis and nris percentage holding in the bank to 49 per cent and ...

extending yesterday s gains, the rupee today rose by 11 paise to 46.40 against the dollar in early trade on hopes of more capital ...

india s life insurance sector is expected to grow by almost 15 per cent in the current financial year and touch a total ...

british state-controlled bank lloyds banking group (lbg) said today it will axe nearly 400 jobs at a call centre in the south of ...

hdfc bank today said one of its promoter hdfc has subscribed to equity shares worth rs 3,600 crore pursuant to conversion of ...

buoyed by better-than-expected gdp growth of 7.9 per cent in the second quarter, the reserve bank today said it will have to ...

private life insurer metlife today said the number of life insurance policies it has sold has crossed the 10 lakh-mark. it ...

detariffing of the indian insurance industry has steered itself on to a completely different trajectory, where the market has ...

the indian rupee today strengthened by 25 paise to 46.39 against the us currency in early trade on hopes of fresh capital inflows ...

the all india state bank officers federation (aisbof), an organization of about three lakh employees of sbi, has rejected ...

the implementation of the rashtriya swasthya vima yojana (rsvy) meant for the families living below the poverty line (bpl) in 12 ...

indian general insurance companies, which have been posting underwriting losses for the past several years, want the industry ...

the yield on government bonds may move up on monday as a fall-out of the upheaval in the market due to the plea by dubai world, a ...

japanese financial major tokio marine holdings, which recently entered into a life insurance joint venture agreement with ...

state bank of india (sbi), which enjoys the largest overseas presence among domestic banks, is in advanced stages of opening 23 ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to turn down a fresh request from banks to increase the exposure limit to a single ...

the all india regional rural bank employees association (airrbea) on sunday demanded the de-linking of the regional rural banks ...

a number of the legislative proposals being circulated would significantly reduce the capacity of the federal reserve to ...

although there is plenty of chatter among central bankers and other experts on the need to withdraw the emergency monetary and ...

royal bank of scotland group plc underwrote more loans than any institution to dubai world, the state company seeking to ...

banks and unions today settled on a 17.5 per cent hike in the salary of 702,000 public sector employees, besides agreeing to make ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on friday said it would ask banks to furnish details of their direct and indirect exposure to ...

india s recovery from the global financial crisis is still fragile , according to reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

indian banks association (iba) today said it has reached a broad agreement with bank unions to provide one more pension option ...

public sector lender bank of baroda (bob) is the seventh-largest foreign lender in the united arab emirates (uae) with loans of ...

india s foreign exchange reserves fell by $1.032 billion for the week ended november 20 to $285.344 billion.

india s premier lender state bank of india (sbi) today said its exposure to dubai firms are insignificant and ruled out any cause ...

the indian rupee dropped further by 46 paisa to 46.90 against the greenback on persistent demand for dollar from oil companies ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned rs 159.86 crore under rural infrastructure ...

draper fisher jurvetson, the venture capital firm that backed skype and baidu inc, expects to raise as much as $400 million by ...

uk motor insurers, including aviva plc, admiral group plc and fortis insurance ltd, thought they had found a way to squeeze out ...

state-owned idbi bank hopes the government will give rs 7500-8000 crore of the bank s total requirement of rs 15,000 crore ...

debt banking firm msb capital plans to open a captive centre in india to service its debt collection activities. the company is ...

the life insurance council has opposed a proposal in the draft direct taxes code which says policy holders be taxed at the time ...

a proposal from a reserve bank of india-appointed committee to use the cost of one-year retail deposits as the benchmark for ...

the government was unlikely to make any fresh moves on consolidation of public sector banks for now, and would rather wait for ...

president pratibha patil today asked banks to extend credit to farmers to improve productivity of the agricultural sector and ...

the indian rupee today depreciated by 8 paise to 46.28 against the us currency in early trade on expectations of capital outflows ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has set up a group to look into the norms for credit-default swap (cds), which will revisit ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao on wednesday asked banks to cut operating costs and improve transparency in ...

public sector bank of baroda was looking for a complementary network, geographical and other synergies in mergers with smaller ...

idbi bank chairman and managing director yogesh agarwal on wednesday said the bank had identified a potential merger target even ...

apollo dkv health insurance is planning to increase its capital base to rs 400-500 crore by 2012-13, from the current rs 220 ...

customers will soon be able to walk into a shop having a point-of-sale terminal and withdraw up to rs 1,000 using their debit ...

a week after the government met select public sector bank chiefs to discuss consolidation, reserve bank of india deputy governor ...

outlets of telecom companies such as airtel and vodafone may soon double as bank kiosks for financial services like funds ...

barely a week after the finance ministry officials met leading state-owned banks to push mergers through buyouts of smaller ...

after acquiring united western bank three years ago, idbi bank is at it once again and has identified two domestic lenders as ...

troubled insurer american international group (aig) has said it will pay an annual pay package of $7 million (around rs 32 crore) ...

the government today said that rs 10,000 crore will be transfered to nhai for road projects from the borrowing approval of rs ...

these projects were sanctioned under rural infrastructure development fund (ridf-xv), k v raghavulu, cgm, nabard said in a ...

reserve bank today said the asset-liability mismatch may pose a huge challenge for banks doing infrastructure lending, and they ...

the indian rupee today strengthened by 8 paise to 46.29 against the us currency in early trade, extending gains for the third ...

payments made using electronic and online modes for purchasing goods and services should be settled within two days of completion ...

along with subir gokarn s appointment as the fourth deputy governor, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today reshuffled some ...

subir gokarn, who took over as the reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor today, said economic recovery, which was still in ...

lloyds banking group plc, the uk s biggest mortgage lender, plans to raise a record 13.5 billion pounds ($22.3 billion) in ...

what do cannan partners and indian institute of management-ahmedabad have in common they have both appointed an ...

completion financing, or last-mile funding, where developers get funds to complete projects stuck midway, is catching on among ...

encouraged by the success of a pilot to implement the smart card-based electronic benefit transfer (ebt) system on one ...

deutsche bank, a relatively new entrant in retail banking, is expecting a 25 per cent growth in retail loan portfolio this ...

for the 4,000-odd people who retired from the reserve bank of india (rbi) before 1997 and are now in their 70s, the new year will ...

the troubled financial services major citigroup today said it is selling its diners club north america card business to bmo ...

public-sector lender punjab national bank (pnb) today said it will buy a majority stake in kazakhstan-based dana bank this fiscal ...

subir gokarn today took charge as the deputy governor of the reserve bank of india (rbi) for a three-year term in place of rakesh ...

the indian rupee today depreciated by 10 paise to 46.57 against the us currency in early trade largely in line with other weak ...

the all india regional rural bank employees association wants regional rural banks to have a greater autonomy in opening branches ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned soft-loan of rs 4392-crore to the orissa ...

industrial bank co plans to raise 18 billion yuan ($2.6 billion) in 2010 in the third-largest share sale announced by a chinese ...

the insurance brokers association of india (ibai) today demanded implementation of a mechanism to reduce delays in renewal of ...

birla sun life insurance, which belongs to the aditya birla group, has roped in four cricketers yuvraj singh, virender ...

credit suisse announced that it had appointed rahul chawla to the newly created position of head, global markets solutions group ...

in a measure to control the circulation of counterfeit notes, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has directed banks to issue bank ...

hit by economic slowdown and dip in customers repayment capability, icici home finance company, subsidiary of icici bank, ...

hyderabad-based sks microfinance is planning to raise rs 1,300 crore, mainly through capital market debt instruments. for the ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned rs 49.53 crore towards development of technopark ...

venture capital company, gvfl has announced an investment of rs 11 crore in bangalore-based inurture education solutions limited. ...

bank of baroda (bob), andhra bank and legal general s insurance joint venture, indiafirst life insurance co, has ...

we are targeting to be in the market in the first quarter next year (january to march). it is important to do it as ...

financial services firm edelweiss capital today announced that it had entered into a joint venture (jv) agreement with japanese ...

mumbai-based hdfc standard life insurance company today said the various cost saving measures adopted by the company would lead ...

the insurance sector is expected to witness a compounded growth rate of 10 per cent in 5-6 years, irda chairman j hari narayan ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has directed banks to keep a watch on transactions of customers with countries like pakistan and ...

subir gokarn, former chief economist of rating agency standard and poor s (s p), will take over as the reserve bank of ...

global rating agency moody s today retained its bleak outlook for the domestic banking industry saying the overall economic ...

as a first initiative of its kind in india, a world bank entity will provide credit facility of up to $51 million to kotak ...

allahabad bank is planning to come out with upper tier ii bonds (series ii) amounting to rs 500 crore shortly with a coupon rate ...

the indian rupee strengthened by 16 paise to 46.45 against the us currency extending friday s gains in early trade today on hopes ...

the reserve bank of india s second quarter monetary policy review signalled an exit from the central bank s ...

morgan stanley agreed to hand over a real-estate business acquired in 2007 to barclays capital, ending the new york firm s ...

royal bank of scotland plc sold $7 billion of debt due in march 2012, according to data compiled by bloomberg, equaling the ...

global rating agency moody s has retained a negative outlook on the indian banking system due to the adverse effect of ...

following the insurance regulatory development authority s (irda s) cap on insurance charges, life insurance ...

despite the slowdown in the economy, life insurance industry has continued to grow as policyholders are realising the value ...

consolidation of banks is good in a way as it envisages healthier banks in the global scenario and banking market, believes ...

with an experience in managing complex work programmes, indian economist siddharth tiwari has been named as secretary of the ...

general insurance corporation (gic), india s national re-insurer, is expected to take a rs 100-crore hit in claims for the ...

the recent case of union bank of india getting caught in the crossfire in madhu koda dealings has put banks on high alert and ...

federal reserve officials are stepping up scrutiny of the biggest us banks to ensure the lenders can withstand a reversal of ...

public sector companies may continue to lose interest income on their idle deposits as the government has decided against ...

jpmorgan chase co and wells fargo co are arranging an $8 billion loan for warren buffett s berkshire hathaway ...

india s foreign exchange reserves rose by $0.962 million to $286.376 billion for the week ended november 13 from $285.414 billion ...

the 13th finance commission would submit its report containing recommendations mainly on the sharing of taxes between the centre ...

securities and exchange board of india (sebi) is in the process of examining whether registered portfolio managers invest in ...

sbi card, the credit card service offering from the state bank and ge capital, today launched mshop to enable its customers shop ...

the indian rupee today depreciated marginally by 5 paise to 46.73 against the us dollar in opening trade largely on fears of ...

the puducherry government has sought rs 350 crore from the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) for ...

with the developed world seeing a fragile recovery from the recession, projected to be a modest 1-2 per cent in the second half ...

development credit bank (dcb) today said it raised rs 81 crore by private placement of shares with qualified buyers. after the ...

ifci, the delhi-based non-banking finance company, plans to sale stake in 16 companies across the sectors, including, iron and ...

the finance minister prafulla chandra ghadai today presented the first supplementary demand for grants of rs 2799.59 crore for ...

brazil s latest move to curb capital inflows weighed on the rupee as traders feared similar action from the indian ...

the top management of the reserve bank of india (rbi) will brainstorm for three days, starting this evening, to find ways to deal ...

every saturday at 2 00 pm, once the branch has closed for the day, staffers at icici bank s 1,500 odd branches will ...

india s largest private sector lender, icici bank, is planning to raise funds for its overseas branches through five-year ...

state-owned andhra bank has enough capital and there was no need for government funds or follow-on public offer to meet its 20-25 ...

a day after meeting finance ministry officials to discuss the consolidation roadmap for public sector banks, canara bank today ...

bangalore-based public sector lender canara bank today opened 104 new branches across the country to mark the 104th anniversary ...

nabard consultancy services private limited (nabcons), a wholly owned subsidiary of nabard established in 2003, is planning to ...

private life insurance player, icici prudential life insurance, on thursday tied up with india post to reach out to rural markets ...

we aim to break even in the next seven years (of operation), idbi fortis life insurance managing director and ceo g v ...

state bank of mysore today announced that it plans to raise rs 100 crore of tier 1, or core capital, through perpetual debt ...

the indian rupee today depreciated by 18 paise to 46.38 against the us currency in early trade on expectations of capital ...

union bank of india is planning to raise $500 million through bonds by the end of this financial year to fund its global ...

us-based norwest venture partners (nvp), a venture capital (vc) investment company, has raised a $1.2-billion fund targeted at ...

eleven years after entering india, investment bank nm rothschild sons is banking on the revival of mergers and acquisitions ...

bank lending rose by rs 23,147 crore during the 14-day period ended november 6, unlike a contraction seen in the previous ...

better times are ahead for the banking sector as a revival in economic activity coupled with inflation is likely to boost credit ...

satisfied with the past performance of the assam government in implementing power sector reforms, the asian development bank ...

the government today appointed subir vithal gokarn, standard and poor s asia-pacific chief economist and a business ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) advisory to banks for limiting their mutual fund (mf) exposure has prodded the lenders to put in ...

barclays global retail banking (grb), india, the retail banking business of financial services provider barclays, is evaluating ...

financial services firm goldman sachs has started a $500-million initiative to support small businesses across the united states, ...

vikram pandit, the india-born chief executive of citigroup, will continue to take the salary of $1 a year, although the financial ...

the indian rupee today inched higher by 8 paise to 46.22 against the us dollar in early trade on expectations of fresh capital ...

a panel set up by the reserve bank of india (rbi) has recommended the setting up of an emergency fund to help urban cooperative ...

state-owned union bank of india on tuesday said it followed all norms while accepting the rs 982-crore deposits from an alleged ...

the federal reserve bank of new york gave up efforts to save taxpayer money on american international group inc s rescue ...

ubs ag said it aims to reach 15 billion swiss francs ($14.9 billion) in annual pretax earnings in three to five years, as chief ...

bank of america corp, ubs ag, jpmorgan chase co and other banks were sued by a california public utility over claims they ...

if the finance and investment committee (fic) of the employees provident fund organisation (epfo), scheduled to meet here ...

state-owned uco bank expects to receive rs 750 crore from the government this month to shore up capital, chairman and managing ...

there is a need for an umbrella organisation for urban cooperative banks (ucbs) to support them in many ways including extending ...

swiss banking major ubs today said it aims to achieve the target of about 15 billion swiss francs (around $14.7 billion) pre-tax ...

better times are ahead for the banking sector as a revival in the economic activity coupled with inflation is likely to boost the ...

taking a serious note of union bank of india (ubi) not reporting high-value transactions to it, the government has asked the ...

tata aig general insurance has tied up with dbs bank india (dbs) for distribution of insurance products from the latter s ...

the indian rupee inched higher by 8 paise to 46.13 against the dollar in early trade today, extending gains for the third ...

the fast-rising rupee, vis-a-vis the us dollar, had hurt the $4 billion indian leather industry, as currencies of competing ...

paving the way for availing concessional finance, the orissa government and its financing arm, orissa state finance corporation ...

uk prime minister gordon brown s government will next week announce plans to make some bankers bonuses illegal as it ...

insurance companies have sought changes in the draft exposure guidelines and have asked the regulator to defer their ...

kerala-based private sector lender federal bank is likely to approve the merger of the state-based catholic syrian bank (csb) ...

for the first time in its 75-year history, the reserve bank of india (rbi) might hire professionals from outside for specialised ...

as part of its platinum jubilee celebrations, the reserve bank of india has initiated a special programme called model ...

claiming that the oriental bank of commerce (obc) was in its expansion mode and would open at least 200 new branches every year ...

hdfc standard life, the joint venture between hdfc and uk-based standard life, will infuse rs 300 crore in the second half of the ...

financial services major citigroup has rejected uk-based private equity firm terra firma capital partners bid to restructure ...

the indian banking sector needs at least 12 lakh business correspondents to work in rural areas to bring six-lakh villages of the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it will soon come out with norms for banks to augment the capital requirements that ...

india focused equity fund, uti international india it has become the best performing equity fund for sale in the gulf cooperation ...

the indian rupee today strengthened by 20 paise to 46.11 against the us currency in early trade, extending gains for the second ...

the yield on government bonds is expected to remain firm on expectations that the inflation may rise and recovery in the ...

with very little chance of repayment from stcl, a bangalore-based ailing subsidiary of state trading corporation, lenders are ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned rs 546 crore credit to uttar pradesh under the rural ...

cit group inc, the bankrupt 101- year-old commercial lender, won temporary protection from lenders seeking to collect losses from ...

public sector lender uco bank is planning to present to the government a blueprint for acquiring a slightly smaller public sector ...

gold prices declined by rs 150 to rs 17,000 per ten gram in the bullion market here today on fall in demand at existing higher ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned rs 51.35 crore for recapitalising rural ...

after state bank of india s recent $750-million medium-term note (mtn) issue, the country s largest private sector ...

the reserve bank of india s proposed guidelines on bank executives compensation will be extended beyond just ceos to all ...

consolidation in the public sector banking space might begin with large banks in which the government holding is close to 51 per ...

state-owned union bank of india (ubi) today sealed a deal with global payments company mastercard and said it is hopeful of ...

the crucial meeting of board of directors of kerala-based federal bank today failed to take any decision on the merger proposal ...

the income tax (i-t) department will on monday question the union bank of india chairman and managing director (cmd) why the bank ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc), the country s largest mortgage lender, today said it would acquire about 41 ...

asian economies must handle their monetary and currency policies carefully to avoid unleashing a wave of potentially ...

the indian rupee today depreciated by four paise at 46.69 against the us dollar in early trade largely on fears of fresh capital ...

continuing its agenda to simplify the foreign exchange regime, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it intended to allow ...

mortgage major housing development finance corp (hdfc) aimed to grow loan approvals as well as disbursements by at least 20 per ...

the centre is working out modalities with insurance companies to introduce an insurance cover for fish and shrimp stocks at a ...

swiss bank ubs has been fined eight million pounds in the uk after four of its senior employees were found misusing funds of ...

the anil ambani group, whose accounts with swiss banking giant ubs were among those misused by the bank s staff, today said ...

the key challenge being faced by the reserve bank of india (rbi) was managing the economic recovery process while anchoring ...

bank unions have called for a countrywide bank strike on december 16 to protest the merger of state bank of indore with the state ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) would submit a financial stability report on public and private sector banks by december this ...

in a seeming contrast to disinvestment in other psus, the government is considering a proposal to increase its stake in select ...

domestic demand in india is rising, but the country does not have the matching supply, making it essential for it to rely on ...

global banking major, standard chartered, which is widely expected to list its shares on the bourses here in the first half of ...

market regulator securities and exchange board of india (sebi) is believed to be contemplating stricter rules for mutual fund ...

bihar will showcase itself as the land of boundless opportunities during the 29th india international trade fair ...

robert benmosche, the chief executive of american international group (aig), has said he remains committed to lead the insurance ...

swiss bank ubs has been fined 8 million pounds in the uk after four of its senior employees were found misusing funds of ...

banks and financial institutions have been directed by the rbi to scan all existing accounts to ensure that these are not held by ...

the indian rupee today depreciated by 11 paise to 46.41 against the us currency in early trade largely on fresh demand for the us ...

richard griffiths, a managing director at royal bank of scotland group plc in hong kong, resigned after 14 months with the firm, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has pointed out serious lapses in the way banks sold derivative products in 2007 and 2008. this ...

the country s second-largest lender, icici bank, today entered into an agreement with the singapore mercantile exchange (smx) for ...

cryobanks international india, a leader in umbilical cord blood stem cell banking, aims to expand its network in orissa by ...

in a bid to avoid unpleasant surprises, private equity players and companies are demanding covers against changing tax rules. ...

cricket fans were not the only ones left disappointed by the cancellation of the india-australia one-day international (odi) ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is likely to ask insurers to mark-to-market (mtm) their entire ...

job openings in london s financial-services industry rose to the highest level in a year last month, according to a survey ...

development credit bank (dcb) today said it will raise funds up to rs 100 crore by way of private placement of shares with ...

dutch financial services firm ing today reported euro 499 million profit for the third quarter, helped by strong performance in ...

public-sector lender central bank of india has reduced deposit rates by 0.25-0.50 per cent across various maturities inorder to ...

the country s second largest lender, icici bank, today entered into an agreement with singapore mercantile exchange (smx) for ...

troubled insurer american international group s chief executive officer (ceo) robert benmosche is considering stepping down from ...

a chicago court has given 60 days deadline to fbi to complete its investigations and file an indictment into the foiled terror ...

the indian rupee weakened further by about ten paisa to 46.60 against the dollar in early trade today amid steady trend in local ...

lloyds banking group plc, britain s biggest mortgage lender, said it plans to cut about 5,000 jobs in its administration, ...

bank of america merrill lynch, barclays plc and jpmorgan chase co are competing to sell shares for state-run companies in ...

china was closely watching international capital flows and would gradually liberalise the renminbi exchange rate, deputy governor ...

vietnam, which recorded a growth of 6.23 percent in 2008 despite global recession, has called for more indian investment in that ...

the regional rural banks (rrbs) in orissa, in association with the nationalized banks sponsoring them, have prepared the road map ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on tuesday said that an exit from an easy monetary policy must be calibrated in a manner that ...

the country s largest private sector lender, icici bank, today said there would be no revision in interest rates for sometime, ...

british banking major barclays today reported a fall of 54 per cent in the third quarter profit after tax at 1.07 billion pounds, ...

state-owned union bank of india (ubi) today said it has sought financial assistance to the tune of rs 1,800 crore from the ...

ing life today launched a unit-linked investment solution, ing flexi life plus, which offers flexibility in premium payments as ...

royal sundaram alliance insurance company a non-life insurance joint venture between sundaram finance and uk s rsa today ...

continuing with its rising streak for the fifth day, the rupee appreciated by 6 paise in early trade today to hit a three-week ...

canara hsbc life insurance is planning to foray into group insurance by the beginning of the next financial year. it is also ...

japanese investors who lived through a decade of deflation and recessions say us treasuries are a bargain even with yields at ...

andhra bank, whose insurance venture with bank of baroda and legal general was launched today, has approached the regulator ...

subscribers of the low-cost version of the new pension scheme (nps), called cra lite, will not be allowed to open a second ...

the country s largest mortgage lender, housing development finance corporation (hdfc), plans to exercise the warrants ...

goldman sachs group inc, morgan stanley and jpmorgan chase co s investment bank, survivors of the worst financial ...

innovation should be something that satisfies two basic criteria fulfil a basic need and should be replicable at ...

exim bank, today said it has appointed ravneet kaur, a finance ministry official, as the bank s interim chairman and managing ...

australian financial services provider axa asia pacific holdings (axa aph) has rejected a $10-billion joint takeover bid from its ...

icici bank today said it would reduce its stake in bpo company firstsource in a phased manner, even as there are reports of ...

backed by strong credit demand mainly in the auto segment, private sector lender, hdfc bank has disbursed rs 3,000-crore of ...

state-owned union bank of india (ubi) today said there is no immediate plan to cut deposit rates even as leading banks like state ...

the indian rupee surged further by 30 paisa to 46.50 against the dollar in early trade today on fresh dollar selling by exporters ...

finance ministry is understood to have supported the anil ambani group s plans to raise $1.1 billion of overseas loans for ...

in an attempt to weed out inactive accounts and increase low-cost deposits, foreign banks are increasing the minimum balance that ...

bank credit fell sharply in the first half of the financial year, but the overall funds flow to the corporate sector was ...

global banking behemoth standard chartered plans to hire 3,000 employees in india by the end of 2010, a year that would also see ...

private-sector lender dhanalakshmi bank has obtained market regulator sebi s approval for starting its merchant banking business ...

taking cue from bigger banks, state-run bank of maharashtra (bom) has slashed its home and vehicle loan rates and reduced deposit ...

the country s foreign exchange reserves fell $1.13 billion in the week up to september 11 to $284.4 billion on the back of ...

idbi bank said on friday it would come out with a follow-on public offer (fpo) in january to meet its capital needs. it also ...

munich re today said it would further reduce its exposure to india as entry of new general insurance companies in the market was ...

continuing in the black for the second straight quarter, american international group (aig) has posted profits to the tune of ...

india s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) has extended its special home loan scheme at 8 per cent interest rate by over ...

the royal bank of scotland (rbs), in which the uk government holds majority stake, has posted an operating loss of 1.53 billion ...

with this, deposits with a maturity of 181 days to less than one year will now carry an interest rate of 5.25 per cent against ...

bailed out mortgage lender fannie mae has reported losses of $19.76 billion for the september quarter, bogged down by staggering ...

financial service major citigroup is planning to relaunch citi alternative investments, a unit that contains its hedge fund ...

tata teleservices today announced a partnership with corporation bank and paymate to launch a mobile money transfer service in ...

the indian rupee today appreciated by 20 paise to touch a week-high of 46.80 against the us dollar in early trade, on dollar ...

in an attempt to increase the flexibility and transparency of annuity products, the insurance regulatory and development ...

all citizens of the country can now buy a pension plan at retirement age with the pension regulator increasing the maximum age ...

mangalore-based corporation bank has projected rs 4,000-6,000 crore capital requirement to the government assuming a business ...

standard chartered (stanchart), the third-largest bank in the united kingdom by market value, wants to do business almost ...

jpmorgan chase co and ubs ag expect mergers advisory to account for a bigger slice of revenue in india next year as ...

the india innovation fund (iif) set up in january 2008 promoted by the national association of software and ...

eyeing to grow big in the domestic banking space, state-run corporation bank today launched its loan syndication business and ...

continuing with its soft monetary stance, bank of england (boe) today retained the benchmark interest rate at 0.50 per cent for ...

the us central bank has retained near-zero rate regime to boost the country s fragile recovery and said cheap credit would ...

setting its eye on the growing internet users, aegon religare life insurance today launched iterm plan offerring it exclusivley ...

four companies including ifci venture, capital 18 have submitted their proposals to become the strategic investor of state-owned ...

the indian rupee today depreciated by 9 paise to 47.14 against the us dollar, largely on fears of capital outflows by foreign ...

public sector lender central bank of india has offered to buy out other shareholders in its home finance subsidiary, centbank ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), today said it has no plans to revise its most popular home loan ...

the government planned to amend a law this year allowing it to reduce holding in state bank of india (sbi) and let the ...

the all india bank employees association (aibea) is planning to go on a one-day strike by november-end to protest the ...

societe generale sa, france s second-largest bank by market value, said third-quarter earnings doubled as its ...

life insurance companies have managed to pare their losses during the first half of the current financial year, partly due to a ...

finance and industry ministries are holding consultations on whether to bring the banking sector under the purview of new fdi ...

a week after the reserve bank of india asked banks to raise the loan-loss coverage ratio to 70 per cent, the issue is still ...

for the first time since april 1997, growth in bank credit has dropped to single-digit levels, an indication that demand is yet ...

the international monetary fund (imf), which sold 200 tonnes of gold for about $6.7 billion to the reserve bank of india (rbi), ...

country s biggest lender state bank of india (sbi) today said it did not have any immediate plans to revise home loan interest ...

the international monetary fund, which sold 200 tonnes of gold for about $6.7 billion to the reserve bank of india, today said it ...

the indian rupee appreciated by 22 paise in early trade today on expectations of fresh capital inflows by capital funds as stock ...

federal reserve chairman ben s bernanke is gambling that come march, he can stop the purchases of mortgage-backed securities that ...

royal bank of scotland group plc and lloyds banking group plc will receive 31.3 billion pounds ($51 billion) in a second bailout ...

cincinnati-based high-tech investment group, vora ventures, which runs its indian operations from ahmedabad, announced a ...

loan syndication by banks for indian firms in the domestic and overseas market has already reached a total of $38.5 billion (rs ...

after venturing into the private equity (pe) space earlier through a joint venture, financial services provider religare is now ...

the extra yield investors demand to own asian speculative-grade corporate bonds instead of government debt may increase by as ...

sbi had introduced its happy home loan scheme, that allowed the borrower to freeze the eight per cent interest rate for a year, ...

australia raised its benchmark interest rate by a quarter percentage point for the second straight month, becoming the only ...

ikya human capital solutions, the bangalore-based hr services firm, is likely to be a target for global hr firms planning to set ...

the international finance corporation (ifc), a member of the world bank group, will work with the andhra pradesh government to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today came out with draft guidelines to regulate the issuance of non-convertible debentures ...

to cash in on its huge branch network and client base, state bank of india (sbi) is all set to start wealth management business ...

bailed out british banking majors lloyds banking group and the royal bank of scotland (rbs) have agreed to sell part of their ...

kerala-based federal bank recorded a 30.16 per cent increase in net profit for the first half year at rs 237.45 crore over rs ...

australia s central bank today raised interest rates by a widely-tipped 25 basis points for a second successive month to 3.5 per ...

swiss banking giant ubs has reported a loss of 564 million swiss francs for the third quarter of this year, dragged by ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said that it had concluded the purchase of 200 tonnes of gold from the international ...

the indian rupee today depreciated by 10 paise to 47.06 against the us dollar in early trade, largely on fears of fresh capital ...

the kolkata-based uco bank plans to complete the process of migration of all its branches in orissa to the core banking solution ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard), west bengal is planning to introduce a new financing scheme for ...

citigroup inc and jpmorgan chase co are hoarding cash as if another crisis were on the way. citigroup has almost doubled ...

the extra freedom given to the 26 public sector banks from this year to choose their statutory auditors has auditing companies ...

state bank of mysore (sbm), the bangalore-based associate bank of state bank of india, is planning to raise rs 600 crore through ...

hemant kaul, executive director of axis bank, would soon join bajaj allianz general insurance as chief executive officer, the ...

public sector lender state bank of mysore, an associate of sbi, today said its board has approved raising about rs 600 crore ...

several banks and housing finance companies have come under the scanner of the competition watchdog for imposing penalty on ...

total business increased to rs 24,000 crore in the july-september quarter, up 9.09 per cent from rs 22,000 crore in the ...

rating agency moody s today said the reserve bank of india s (rbi) stricter norms for non-performing loans and for loans to ...

encouraged by rising profits in the second quarter, icici bank chief excecutive officer (ceo) chanda kochhar has said the lender ...

the british government is planning to pump in an additional capital of up to 19 billion into the royal bank of scotland ...

the british government is planning to pump in an additional capital of up to 19 billion pound into the royal bank of scotland ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) decision to up commercial real estate property loan provision of banks may force the lenders to ...

state bank of india chairman op bhatt addressed a press conference to announce the bank s results and dwell on his ...

insurers are likely to take a hit of up to rs 140 crore from the recent fire accident at the ioc marketing plant near jaipur. the ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, today said that its consolidated net profit rose 28.29 per cent to ...

city union bank has reported a 21.5 per cent rise in net profit for the quarter ended september 30 at rs 45.75 crore as compared ...

private sector lender lakshmi vilas bank today reported a nearly four-fold rise in net profit to rs 44.66 crore for the six ...

public sector lender bank of maharashtra s net profit for the july-september quarter rose 22.86 per cent to rs 86.68 crore ...

public sector andhra bank today said its net profit for the quarter ended september 30 grew 70 per cent to rs 274 crore from rs ...

india s largest public sector bank, state bank of india (sbi) today reported 10.18 per cent rise in q2 net profit for the quater ...

lakshmi vilas bank (lvb) has reported over two-and-a-half times growth in net profit at rs 22 crore for the quarter ended ...

central bank of india said its net profit jumped over three-fold to rs 313.9 crore for the second quarter ended september 30 over ...

united bank of india (ubi) posted a net profit of rs 83.83 crore for the quarter ended september 2009, as against a loss of rs ...

public sector syndicate bank today reported a 32 per cent drop in net profit to rs 177.8 crore for the second quarter ended ...

icici bank on friday said its consolidated net profit rose 75.7 per cent to rs 1,144.6 crore in the quarter ended september on ...

mangalore-based public sector lender, corporation bank, has shown a 28.5 per cent growth in its total business to rs 133,456 ...

india s foreign exchange reserves rose by $684 million for the week ended october 23 to $285.520 billion from $284.836 billion in ...

state-run lender oriental bank of commerce (obc) plans to recruit about 1,550 personnel, including 100 marketing managers, over ...

the indian rupee strengthened by 32 paise at 46.88 a dollar in early trade today following dollar s weakness against other asian ...

at a time when the government is pushing banks to go for financial inclusion, the national bank for agriculture and rural ...

national housing bank (nhb), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the reserve bank of india (rbi) for promoting housing finance ...

as an immediate step towards providing relief to the population affected by drought and floods, andhra pradesh chief minister k ...

lic housing finance posted a 27 per cent rise in its net profit to rs 171.25 crore for the quarter ended september 30 as compared ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has approved united bank of india s (ubi s) initial public offering (ipo), which will ...

mutual funds run by companies including blackrock inc. and t. rowe price group inc. have begun buying bonds through a $1 trillion ...

shriram life insurance, a joint venture between the shriram group and south africa-based sanlam life insurance, is likely to ...

the country s second-largest public sector lender, punjab national bank (pnb), today said it plans to buy a majority stake in a ...

extending its losses for the fourth day, the indian rupee today depreciated by 25 paise in early trade to 47.59 against the us ...

the new foreign direct investment (fdi) norms, which stipulate changes in the way foreign investment in a domestic company is ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) and the finance ministry have not resolved the issue of the status of the seven private sector ...

gmac, the lender that received two government bailouts totaling $13.5 billion, is in talks with the treasury department to ...

subir gokarn, chief economist for asia-pacific at global ratings agency standard and poor s and a business standard ...

boc india, a member of the linde group, will be investing rs 600 crore in setting up an air separation unit (asu) at tata ...

life insurance corporation ( lic) and the andhra pradesh government signed an mou on wednesday for providing pensions to the ...

control on operating expenses and growth in margins and other income helped bank of baroda (bob) post a 60.4 per cent rise in net ...

private sector lender kotak mahindra bank posted 86 per cent growth in consolidated net profit to rs 300 crore from rs 160.9 ...

insurance company, max new york life insurance co. ltd, launched its product secure dreams in gujarat today, the product ...

retail and corporate loan rates may stay the same as bankers today ruled out any increase in lending rates in the next three to ...

dewan hosing finance limited (dhfl) reported 69.96 per cent increase in its net profit at rs 37.51 crore for the quarter ended ...

the second-quarter macroeconomic and monetary development report released by the reserve bank of india (rbi) said concerns on the ...

to increase banking penetration and promote financial inclusion, the reserve bank today relaxed branch opening norms for lenders ...

allahabad bank chairman and managing director k r kamath has been appointed as the chief of the country s second largest public ...

kerala-based south indian bank (sib)has started providing service for nris joining the new pension scheme (nps) implemented by ...

aiming to tackle inflationary pressures, the reserve bank today increased a key statutory deposit ratio for banks by one ...

continuing with its yesterday s losses, the indian rupee today depreciated by another 25 paise to 46.89 against the us currency ...

the singapore government and its investment arm, temasek holdings, have been gradually reducing stake in icici bank, their one of ...

close on the heels of signing a memorandum of understanding (mou) with the public sector state bank of india (sbi) for ...

state-run idbi bank has raised a $225-million foreign currency loan to fuel its business growth and plans to raise $1.5 billion ...

ing will sell its stake in the life insurance business by 2013 as part of its ongoing back to basics programme by moving towards ...

indian bank posted a 31.48 per cent growth in net profit to rs 371.99 crore for the quarter ended september 30, 2009, as compared ...

professional forecasters have added to reserve bank of india (rbi) governor duvvurri subbarao s dilemma on timing the exit ...

although year-on-year inflation is still only 1.2 per cent, strong upward trends seen in the wholesale price index (wpi) ...

with the government raising over 80 per cent of its planned borrowings in the first half of the financial year on the back of ...

the chinese yuan seemingly pegged to the falling us dollar, it is helping indian apparel companies find inputs for the products ...

the bangalore-based public sector lender, canara bank, today said it aims to touch an aggregate business mix of rs 4 lakh crore, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may leave the policy rates untouched when it reviews the monetary policy on tuesday, hsbc india ...

treasury secretary timothy geithner s plans to lock in near record-low borrowing costs in 2010 may mean a second year of ...

commercial banks have not done enough in extending small credit to needy borrowers in the country, naina lal kidwai, chief ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned rs 117.07 crore under rural infrastructure ...

the indian rupee rose marginally by 2 paise per us dollar at 46.48 in opening trade today, on hopes of higher capital inflows ...

citigroup inc and bank of america corp paid top executives an average of $18.2 million each last year as the banks accepted $90 ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may de-license or leave it to banks to open branches in rural and semi-urban centres, in a step ...

private sector karnataka bank said its net profit declined by 77.78 per cent to rs 16.35 crore for the quarter ended september ...

thrissur-based dhanalakshmi bank on saturday reported 28.7 per cent fall in net profit for the quarter ended september 30 to rs ...

on an expansion drive in the state of gujarat, shriram life insurance co. ltd., a joint venture between the shriram group and ...

the life insurance industry recorded 12.85 per cent growth in new business premium during the first half of the financial year ...

to facilitate flow of credit to various sectors of the state s economy including the micro, small and medium enterprises ...

the indian rupee appreciated by 28 paise to 46.46 a dollar in early trade today as the us currency weakened against other asian ...

provision of a unique identity (uid) for person comprising his or her demographic and biometric details will become a power ...

tuticorin-based tamilnad mercantile bank (tmb) has set a target of rs 20, 000 crore business by march 2010 from the present rs ...

credit suisse group ag, switzerland s biggest bank by market value, reported the highest quarterly profit in more than two ...

according to the latest fortnightly data released by the reserve bank of india (rbi) this evening, during the fortnight ended ...

backed by robust growth in treasury income, allahabad bank posted an eight-fold rise in net profit to rs 333.59 crore for the ...

despite a reduction in off-balance sheet exposure of indian banks in 2008-09, the reserve bank of india (rbi) said the regulators ...

sounding a note of caution over the declining loan growth rate, now at a 12-year low, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today ...

axis bank hired barclays plc, hsbc holdings, jpmorgan chase co and standard chartered to help sell its first dollar bonds ...

with banks increasing their dependence on bulk deposits to fund credit growth, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today emphasized ...

rupee dropped, completing the biggest two-day loss in two months, as declines in local stocks spurred speculation capital inflows ...

pointing to the liquidity problems that non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) faced during last year s financial crisis, ...

at a time when the banking regulatory structure is under review internationally, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today made a ...

swiss banking major credit suisse group today returned into black with a third quarter profit of 2,354 million swiss francs, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to wait for a further rise in inflation before it raises its benchmark lending and ...

extending losses for the second day the indian rupee today depreciated by another 15 paise to 46.63 against the us currency in ...

foreign banks record 7.6% drop in credit flow, private players see 3.7% growth.

state bank of india (sbi) has got the finance ministry s clearance to start talks to merge its subsidiary, state bank of ...

standard chartered bank expects a steady 13-15 per cent growth in credit over the next one year, a top company official said on ...

unraveling a gpf (general provident fund) scam of at least rs 1.5 crore in the primary health centre at muzaffarpur, the ...

state bank of travancore (sbt) has posted a net profit of rs 122 crore for the second quarter of this year, as against rs 113 ...

buoyed by a 90 per cent growth in non-interest income, private sector lender yes bank reported a 75.6 per cent growth in net ...

the finance ministry has asked public sector lender idbi bank to explore other options before finalising plans to sell its ...

central bank of india has started restructuring its home finance subsidiary, centbank home finance, in an attempt to raise the ...

in a signal that interest rates would remain benign for another few months, the prime minister s economic advisory council ...

the indian rupee today depreciated by 33 paise against the us currency in early trade on strong demand from importers for the ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), today raised $750 million (around rs 3,500 crore) in the overseas ...

india s switch to a monthly wholesale-price index (wpi) from a weekly gauge may make government bonds more attractive by ...

low economic activity and unwillingness by insurers to underwrite loss-making portfolios led to a fall in business for segments ...

andhra pradesh grameena vikas bank (apgvb), a regional rural bank sponsored by state bank of india, has selected ibm s hardware ...

the benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) is set to give way to a new loan pricing regime. called base rate by a committee of the ...

the indian rupee strengthened by 28 paise against the us currency in early trade today following dollar s weakness against other ...

are you not happy with the services being offered by state bank of india do not worry you are just one sms away from getting ...

future generali india life insurance, the insurance joint venture between kishore biyani-promoted future group and italian ...

with an aim to achieve total financial inclusion by 2012, the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) will launch 3,000 farmers clubs across uttar pradesh in the ...

state bank of hyderabad, an associate bank of state bank of india, will set up 150 branches by march next year, of which about 50 ...

banks are witnessing a sharp rise in online transactions as an increasing number of customers log on to the internet to pay their ...

moody s investors service on monday assigned baa2 long-term rating to state bank of india s (sbi s) senior ...

non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) have sought exemption from minimum alternate tax (mat) under the proposed direct tax ...

indicating a spurt in economic activities, payments made through debit cards rose over 40 per cent to rs 9,911 crore in the first ...

an excess liquidity in the system enabled companies and banks to raise short-term funds through issuance of commercial papers ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may not raise its key policy rates at the monetary policy review on october 27, but there is an ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has called for interaction among regulators of various countries to deal with systemic risks ...

a $320-million (approximately rs 1,568 crore) loan to design, improve the quality, capacity and safety of roads in andhra pradesh ...

state bank of mysore (sbm) will restructure agriculture loans to the tune of rs 1,200 crore in the flood affected districts of ...

india s third-largest private sector lender, axis bank, today announced a major reshuffle of its top management as it ...

four trinamool congress mlas were arrested today for staging a dharna at the state secretariat, a protest described by chief ...

during the week, the foreign currency assets increased to $264.942-billion from $263.465-billion in the previous week, the rbi ...

financial services firm bank of america (bofa) has swung into a third-quarter loss of $1 billion, as the bailed out entity ...

the indian rupee today depreciated by 4 paise against the dollar in the opening trade on the firmness of the greenback against ...

rupee fell, reversing earlier gains, on speculation importers were buying foreign exchange to save on costs. it retreated from ...

after facing tough times as a fallout of the economic slowdown, indian companies now have to bother less about credit quality due ...

for the first time in ten months, india has reduced its investment in american debt securities. india s holding of us ...

ing confirmed on thursday that it plans to retain its indian private banking operations even as it announced the sale of its ...

the uk subsidiaries and branches of leading overseas banks have agreed to support the reforms related to bankers pay that ...

the ruling congress in maharashtra, tipped to emerge as the single largest party when the assembly poll results are out on ...

dharwad deputy commissioner darpan jain has asked flood-hit farmers not to resort to extreme steps like committing suicide as the ...

the 18-month drought is about to end, with several indian companies and financial institutions planning to tap the foreign bond ...

banking behemoth citigroup has posted profits of $101 million for the third quarter, even as the partially us government-owned ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may hike cash reserve ratio (crr) by 50 basis points by end-march to mop-up excess liquidity from ...

thrissur-based dhanalakshmi bank plans to float a venture capital fund and an asset management company (amc) next year, a top ...

to get a toe-hold in the overseas market, public sector lender central bank of india is exploring the possibility of opening ...

money transfer firm western union financial services plans to tie up with e-governance service providers and microfinance ...

singapore-based oversea chinese banking corporation (ocbc) will acquire the asian private banking business of dutch financial ...

the psu lender had a net profit of rs 150.09 crore in the corresponding period last fiscal, uco bank said in a filing to the ...

the indian rupee strengthened by 33 paise against the dollar to breach the 46 level after nearly 13 months in opening trade today ...

the treasury department failed to monitor explosively controversial bonuses american international group (aig) paid ...

arunachal pradesh may be one of the poorest and underdeveloped states of india, but when it comes to wealth of the candidates, in ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) might not resort to hiking interest rates as the first option to roll back their accommodative ...

jpmorgan chase co, the second- largest us bank by assets, said profit in the third quarter soared almost sevenfold, beating ...

the rupee rose to a one-year high on strong capital flows and banks selling dollars to benefit from the arbitrage between the ...

future generali india life insurance company, a joint venture between future group of india and generali group of italy, would be ...

as part of its retail expansion plan, state-run central bank of india is planning to grow its home loan book by 25 per cent by ...

public sector lender state bank of indore today reported a 25.69 per cent rise in net profit at rs 78.62 crore for the second ...

aided by strong growth across its core and non-core businesses, indusind bank registered a 130 per cent rise in net profit to rs ...

the model of universal life policy (ulp), which is ideally targeted towards the poor (micro-finance), is being replicated by some ...

public sector lender, central bank of india, expects its home loan segment to grow by 25 per cent in the current fiscal, which ...

the indian rupee today rose to one- year high of 46.13 against the $, which plummeted to a new low against its major rivals, on ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is not likely to hike interest rates in its monetary policy review on october 27 even as ...

indusind bank has clocked a 131 per cent jump in net profit at rs 77.82-crore in q2 fy10 as against rs 33.66-crore in year-ago ...

standard chartered bank, in partnership with dhl express india and williams lea, has launched doorstep trade service, a unique ...

public sector lender state bank of indore today reported 25.69 per cent rise in its net profit at rs 78.62 crore for the second ...

the bank had a net profit of rs 527.98 crore in the september quarter of fy09, hdfc bank said in a filing to the bombay stock ...

barclays global retail and commercial bank (grcb) india today said its customers of business loans who are regular in the ...

in the quarter ended june 2009, the bank had recorded a net loss of rs 35.3 crore. it expects a turnaround in 6-9 months. total ...

punjab sind bank, one of the two unlisted public sector banks in the country, is aiming to dilute government holding by ...

corporation bank today said it has sought financial assistance from the government to meet its credit growth need of about 25 per ...

almost all the nationalised banks are seeking fresh infusion of funds by the government to enhance their capacity to lend and ...

south indian bank (sib) has posted the highest-ever quarterly net profit of rs 72.57 crore in the second quarter of the current ...

mortgage lender housing development finance corporation (hdfc) has posted a 24 per cent rise in net profit for the second quarter ...

when finance minister pranab mukherjee comes to kolkata on october 24 to meet the heads of public sector banks in the east, the ...

after recently venturing into mutual funds, axis bank on monday announced that it plans to setting up a non-banking financial ...

continuing the good run in its trading room, india s third-largest private sector lender axis bank saw a 32 per cent ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has set no target level for the rupee and would only limit volatility in the ...

kerala-based south indian bank has registered a 40.43 per cent growth in net profit of rs 72.57 crore for the quarter ended ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has decided to make available samples of transaction level data on ...

making a strong case for delaying the withdrawal of accommodative monetary stance of the reserve bank of india, some of the bank ...

city-based non-banking finance company, sks microfinance, has been rated pr1 so by credit analysis and research limited (care) ...

insurance sector regulator, irda, is considering whether to allow banks to tie-up with two-to-three insurance companies to sell ...

the financial major had a net profit of rs 534.23 cr in the september quarter last fiscal, hdfc said in a filing to the bombay ...

standard chartered plc has got an approval from the reserve bank of india to list on the country s stock exchanges, but the bank ...

private sector lender axis bank recorded a 31.95 per cent rise in its standalone net profit at rs 531.64 crore for the second ...

citigroup will have to pay $6,00,000 in fine to an us regulator for providing derivative transactions as that helped foreign ...

south indian bank sib has registered the highest ever quarterly net profit of rs. 72.57 crore during the second quarter ...

the indian rupee today extended the previous session s weakness and depreciated by 20 paise to 46.60 against the us currency in ...

despite economic downturn, four branches of the punjab national bank (pnb) in britain doubled their deposits in the six months ...

customers will be offered five free third-party withdrawals per month from savings accounts and will be charged from the sixth ...

a group of shareholders of royal bank of scotland (rbs) today said it is planning to take legal action against the bank for ...

citigroup has hired the services of richard f hohlt, a long time washington insider with a history of aggressive ...

interested in knowing your credit worthiness you can get that at rs 142 as the credit information bureau of india has started ...

anil ambani group firm reliance general insurance has achieved a premium collection of more than rs 1,000 crore in the first half ...

kotak mahindra bank has won a cybersquatting case at the world intellectual property organisation (wipo) against a south ...

kerala-based south indian bank (sib) today said it had emerged as the largest service provider in the country for new pension ...

bad assets of microfinance institutions (mfis) are expected to triple to 1.5 per cent by march 2010 compared to the march 2009 ...

despite the global financial crisis, there was enough liquidity in the indian banking system and banks were willing to extend ...

the country s second-largest public sector lender, punjab national bank (pnb), is planning to seek rs 3,000 crore from the ...

uk-based lender standard chartered plc (stanchart) was in the process of finalising the size and time of its indian depository ...

kerala-based south indian bank today said it has emerged as the largest service provider in the country for new pension system-- ...

these villages will be used as a successful instance of financial inclusion and literacy for future campaigns while convincing ...

hsbc investdirect will focus on technology upgrade and manpower to strengthen its new retail broking business. we hope to ...

public sector lender bank of baroda today said it has witnessed a 27 per cent growth in loans in september against the same ...

under the scheme, the bank will provide housing loans at 8.25 per cent for the first two years on loans up to rs 30 lakh and 9.25 ...

private lender federal bank today said that it was expecting to get report from consultancy firm kpmg, entrusted with the job of ...

the country s biggest mortgage lender hdfc today said robust activities in the low-cost housing segment presents an important ...

the indian rupee came under pressure today after a five-day strong rally and fell marginally by five paisa to 46.39 against the ...

indian rupee rose marginally by 2 paise to 46.32 in opening trade today, extending its rally for the sixth session, on hopes of ...

the rupee has gained 3.1 per cent in the past four sessions on expectations that india s high-yielding currency and improving ...

the finance and investment committee, the key advisory body of the employees provident fund organisation (epfo), today ...

future generali india life insurance company, a joint venture between the future group and generali of italy, launched future ...

about 25 lakh life insurance agents have opposed the recommendations of swarup committee on elimination of upfront commission ...

the bank had observed sbt harithotsavam 2009 , an intensive campaign to increase lending to farmers during this period, targeting ...

anil ambani group firm reliance capital on thursday said it planned to enter investment banking space by the end of the current ...

bharti axa general insurance company is planning to infuse rs 645 crore of capital in the next five years. it is also looking at ...

the government has given an in-principle approval to state bank of india (sbi) and state bank of indore s merger, a senior ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) could signal tightening of interest rates before the end of the current year as the country is ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has pumped in rs 10,000 crore till august to refinance banks, of ...

the british and european central banks today left their key interest rates unchanged at low levels, continuing with their efforts ...

one of the shareholders of bank of america (bofa) has opposed the firm s idea to zero in on an insider to replace its outgoing ...

the indian rupee strengthened by another 30 paise to trade at one-year high of 46.36 a dollar in opening trade today, extending ...

icici bank, the country s largest private sector lender, which has identified infrastructure as one of its growth drivers, ...

tata group-owned british car maker jaguar land rover today announced it had secured a 175 million (rs 1,300 crore) from ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has not approached the finance ministry on the issue of raising cap on banks ...

anil ambani group firm reliance life insurance said wednesday its asset under management (aum) has crossed rs 10,000 crore and it ...

after having seen the impact of the rs 60,000-crore farm debt waiver in the general elections, the government has planned to ...

reliance capital expects a government waiver for floating its life insurance venture s initial public offering (ipo) by ...

bank credit grew by 12.62 per cent the slowest in six years in the first half of this financial year compared to ...

the sensex today opened with a positive gap of 110 points at 17,069 on the back of strong global vibes. the index soon spurted to ...

the race to succeed kenneth lewis as the bank of america corp chief executive has narrowed to two internal candidates, though the ...

in a pointer to the continued recovery in the home loan segment, the country s largest mortgage lender, housing finance ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor k c chakrabarty today said the apex bank was concerned about the volatility of the ...

the interest rate on us dollar deposits has been reduced to 2.26 per cent for a maturity of 1-2 years from 2.33 per cent. for the ...

dutch financial services major ing group today said it will sell its swiss private banking business to switzerland-based julius ...

the reserve bank is likely to hike interest rates marginally in the fourth quarter of this fiscal to give a signal to the market, ...

state-owned union bank of india, which was planning to open 500 new branches during the current financial year, has scaled down ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) signal on raising interest rate to manage inflation pushed the rupee to a ...

the government didn t plan to induct any strategic investors in weak public sector banks (psbs) and would not trim its holding in ...

insurance service provider cholamandalam ms general insurance company today announced its tie-up with tamil nadu cooperative bank ...

tata capital, the non-banking finance subsidiary of the tata group, has cut its auto loan rates by 50 basis points to 10.5 per ...

at the interbank foreign exchange (forex) market, the indian rupee is now quoting at 46.88 per dollar, after it strenghthened ...

royal bank of scotland is talking to bidders for selling the retail and commercial banking operations of abn amro bank in the ...

the country s largest private sector lender icici bank today said it has allotted 12,770 equity shares to its staffs under the ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao today added strong capital inflows and the consequent appreciation of the rupee ...

insurance companies in india have lost rs 1,000 crore on group health policies during fy09, according to watson wyatt, a global ...

public sector lender andhra bank will end its partnership with life insurance corporation (lic) when it launches its own life ...

fearing grave power shortage during the rabi season this year, the madhya pradesh government is now riding on centre-sponsored ...

dhanalakshmi bank raising rs 150 crore through tier-ii bonds to strengthen capital hardly makes the news as banks routinely tap ...

anticipating an adverse impact of the new direct tax code, life insurance companies have demand amendments in the proposed code. ...

standard chartered, the london- based bank that makes most of its money in emerging markets, added executives in equity sales and ...

financial-services companies operating in the uk will have to meet tighter liquidity requirements that will be set ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor, k c chakrabarty, today asked banking sector to extensively use the technology and ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today ruled out full rupee convertibility as of now and said the failure of bharti-mtn deal ...

citibank india today said it has launched a new rewards platform-citirewards, targeting customers who hold citi-branded credit ...

addressing media after inaugurating an existing branch office in a new premise, t y prabhu, chairman and managing director of the ...

the indian rupee today strengthened by 17 paise to almost a two-month high of 47.57 against the us currency, following dollar s ...

the government will hold discussions on a proposal to make the high level committee on financial and capital markets (hlcc) ...

the yield on government securities may move up, as supply of bonds from centre and states remains high. the g-sec market ...

with ample liquidity in the system, non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) are once again a lucrative investment option for mutual ...

though the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is considering open architecture, the insurance industry is ...

with interest rates close to bottoming out, amit pandey, a young executive with a multinational firm, is looking for a fixed-rate ...

bharti axa life insurance is targeting a five per cent market share by end-2012 and has charted out an aggressive road map for ...

goldman sachs group inc must be careful about handing out record bonuses while the banking industry was still under distress to ...

state-owned united bank of india (ubi) has sought rs 800 crore from the government to maintain an 8 per cent tier-i and overall ...

britain s curb on banking bonuses may stunt the recovery in london s luxury-housing market by wiping out the ...

the number of us lenders that can t collect on at least 20 per cent of their loans hit an 18-year high, signaling that more ...

a stress test of the european union s biggest banks showed they could withstand an even deeper recession, though with ...

state bank of india, the country s largest bank, was seeking to raise $700 million to $1 billion selling medium-term dollar ...

negotiations between standard chartered bank and the edinburgh-based royal bank of scotland (rbs) over a proposed sale of the ...

after receiving a poor response to the new pension system (nps), the pension regulator has asked the distributors of the scheme ...

with automobile sales recovering, the general insurance industry is expecting a 10 per cent growth in premium collection in the ...

private insurer icici prudential has pipped sbi life to regain the top position among private players garnering new businesses rs ...

the state bank of india has launched sbi finmart which seeks to raise customer awareness, give new products a thrust and ...

banks may boast of providing 24x7 services through mobile and internet banking, but they have decided not to take the blame for ...

india owed $82.5 billion to foreigners as on june-end this year, 39 per cent higher than $59.4 billion three months back, in ...

the market share of india s largest insurer, life insurance corporation (lic), rose to 67 per cent in the new business ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao scored a b grade in the annual central banker report card carried ...

public-sector lender union bank of india has cut interest rates on deposits for non residents in rupee and foreign currency ...

rating agency fitch in a report today said that indian banks would remain resilient to face stressful conditions in the current ...

state bank of india (sbi) today announced a 25 basis points reduction in deposit rates across maturities as part of its latest ...

over 100 small and medium bakery manufacturers of kanpur are facing a tough time owing to the recent spike in raw material prices ...

the navs will be uploaded on the websites of the central record-keeping agency (cra) and fund managers from december ...

sectoral watchdog insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today asked insurance companies to provide information on ...

state bank of india (sbi), the largest public sector bank, will launch sbi finmart , a financial super market ...

public sector vijaya bank expects rs 700 crore capital infusion from the government by the end of december to enhance risk ...

with this, deposits having a tenure of 1-year to less than 2-years, will now attract a rate of 6.25 per cent (6.5 per cent), the ...

public sector lender union bank of india has reduced interest rates on foreign currency non-resident bank (fcnr-b) account ...

state-run union bank of india has seen a rise in demand for farm loans in the last two months and expects the portfolio to grow ...

the indian rupee strengthened by 23 paise to a two-month high of 47.87 against the us currency in opening trade today on dollar ...

the indian healthcare industry, growing at an exponential rate, now presents an attractive investment opportunity for private ...

the effect of higher closing yield of 7.19 per cent on 10-year benchmark government paper at the close of the second quarter ...

private insurance company aegon religare life insurance (arli) plans to add 40,000 new customers this fiscal on the back of ...

the draft code, circulated for public comments, had suggested that life insurance policies should be taxed at the time of ...

the indian banks association (iba) and united forum of bank unions are close to reaching an agreement on wage hike for ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) committee on reviewing the benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) has recommended that the ...

cit group inc, the commercial lender that has said it may be forced to file for bankruptcy, is considering an offer of financing ...

with few insurers showing interest in tapping the capital market, insurance regulator irda today said it would come out with ...

eyeing a place among the top-three health insurers in the country within three years, anil ambani group firm reliance life ...

bank of maharashtra, today said that it would offer reduced interest rates for housing loans sanctioned during the festival ...

a top chinese regulator for foreign banks has said citigroup should expand its local operations in china, according to a media ...

the federal deposit insurance corporation (fdic), the agency which insures deposits of over 8,000 us banks, is anticipated to ...

vijaya bank expects rs 700 crore funds from the government by december to recapitalise the bank, chairman and managing director ...

the indian arm of the royal bank of scotland (rbs) owned abn amro witnessed a sharp spurt in its wage bill during 2008-09 which ...

one of the lessons emerging from the global financial crisis was the need for a better system of governance to manage the ...

in an effort to grow its retail loan portfolio, public sector lender idbi bank has decided to slash auto loan rates by over 300 ...

when reserve bank of india governor d subbarao meets top bankers in the customary pre-policy meeting on october 12, he can draw ...

bnp paribas sa, france s largest bank, plans to raise 4.3 billion ($6.3 billion) by selling stock to existing ...

crisil, the country s leading rating agency, forayed into the equity research space today by launching grades on 13 ...

kaizen management advisors, india s first education-focused private equity (pe) fund, will close a $150-200 million (around ...

state-run idbi bank has cut its new home, auto loan rates by 0.25-0.5 per cent effective from october 1, a top official said.

the reserve bank of indfia (rbi) has said rising inflation and still tentative recovery in economic growth is making it ...

the indian arm of the royal bank of scotland-owned abn amro witnessed a sharp spurt in its wage bill during 2008-09 which ...

ncr today announced that it has secured an order for the sale of 3,800 atms, as well as a seven-year atm services contract, from ...

public sector lender, state bank of bikaner jaipur (sbbj) today said it has appointed b s gopalakrishna as director on the ...

the federal deposit insurance corporation, the agency which insures deposits of over 8,000 us banks, is anticipated to propose ...

the indian rupee today weakened by another 10 paise to 48.07 against the greenback in early trade today on fresh month-end dollar ...

chancellor of the exchequer alistair darling, targeting what he calls greed and recklessness in britain s ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has expressed its reservations on the government s proposal to set up a computerised ...

to draw all members of a family to bank with it, icici bank, the country s largest private sector lender, has introduced ...

the government has asked public sector banks (psbs) to increase focus on attracting low-cost current account, savings account ...

with just two trading days in the current week and a decision likely on the government borrowing plan for the second half, the ...

insurance and agents are two words that seem to be inextricably linked in our minds. if you think of the word insurance, then the ...

the reserve bank is likely to reverse its soft rate regime by as early as april next year and increase its key policy rates by ...

customers having multiple credit cards will now not be allowed the luxury of using either in case they default on making ...

in a ruling that would bring cheers to thousands of customers, the national consumer commission has ruled that banks cannot ...

more than half a dozen psu banks are expected to get about rs 10,000 crore as fresh capital by december following the world bank ...

the federal reserve decided to keep pumping $1.25 trillion of new money into the mortgage market to focus on rescuing the us ...

the promoters of tata aig life insurance are expected to infuse rs 600-700 crore capital in the venture during the current ...

in the coming week, the rupee may feel pressure and depreciate as month-end demand from oil importers for dollars could limit the ...

as many as 22 large banks in europe may have accumulated credit losses of close to 400 billion (over $580 billion) for ...

with the demand for credit expected to shoot up, private banks are bolstering core capital. seven of them are in the process of ...

the economy might be slowly clawing out of the worst crisis in decades but the us bank failures are climbing by the day, with 95 ...

pressed hard for giving access to details of money stashed away by indians and other overseas clients with them, swiss banks have ...

traditionally, women have been home makers. the scenario has changed drastically in recent times. in tandem, insurance for women ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is in favour of a consolidated debt limit, similar to that in the equity market, for foreign ...

icici bank, the country s largest private sector lender, has dropped its plan to raise funds overseas through upper and ...

after a year s lull, foreign currency convertible bonds (fccbs) are regaining currency. in the past four days, four ...

australia s fourth-biggest lender will pay cash for ing s 51 percent stake in ing australia and ing new zealand, the ...

d subbarao, governor, reserve bank of india will release the second quarter review of the annual policy statement 2009-10 ...

australian financial services major anz will buyout its wealth management and life insurance joint ventures with dutch entity ing ...

india s foreign exchange reserves fell to $280.770 billion for the week ended september 18 from $280.978 billion in the previous ...

global banking major barclays is in talks to acquire some of citigroup s retail-banking assets, including credit-card portfolio, ...

state bank of india (sbi) chairman o p bhatt said today no increase in interest rates is expected in the near future, allaying ...

union bank of india (ubi) has approached the government for a capital infusion of rs 1,800 crore to fuel its expansion plans, a ...

the indian rupee today fell by 30 paise against the dollar in opening trade on expectation of fresh capital outflows as markets ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today accepted bids for bonds worth rs 1,969 crore under its open market operations as against ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh) is targeting to increase advances to the small and medium enterprises (sme) space by almost rs ...

the currency rose for the sixth time in seven days after exchange data showed global funds bought $1.4 billion more of local ...

us-based lender wells fargo s india unit would execute some back-office work of wachovia. earlier, this work was outsourced ...

us government agency overseas private investment corporation (opic) today said it would provide $250 million (about rs 1,200 ...

the country s largest private insurance company, icici prudential life, said today its assets under management (aums) have ...

banks on thursday parked rs 71,520 crore with the reserve bank of india (rbi) through the reverse repo route, which is used to ...

the financial services arm of engineering and construction firm larsen toubro raised rs 1,000 crore through its first-ever ...

with some of the real estate companies having substantial investment in their subsidiaries, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today ...

citigroup today said it expects the reserve bank of india (rbi) to tighten money supply from 2010 as inflation is likely to rise ...

financial behemoth citigroup is planning to scale back its us branch network to six major metropolitan cities, including new york ...

the indian rupee today fell by 17 paise against the us dollar in early trade on expectations of fresh capital outflows and ...

cholamandalam ms general insurance company (chola ms) has set a target to close the current financial with a premium income of rs ...

with a visible recovery in global financial markets in sight, nearly 78 per cent of world s wealthy population expects to ...

india s 10-year bonds gained after the reserve bank of india (rbi) said it will offer to buy back existing debt at an ...

bank of america corp and jpmorgan chase co, the two biggest us banks by deposits, are cutting overdraft fees amid criticism ...

capital international, the us money manager with more than $3 billion in alternative assets, is seeking to increase investments ...

vijay is the name of the character that amitabh bachhan has played in many of his movies. in most cases, vijay belonged to the ...

the credit growth during the year up to september 11 fell 13.24 per cent, mainly due to the high base effect and banks pushing ...

the pension fund regulatory and development authority (pfrda) today said it would announce within a month the guidelines for ...

a crucial meeting between the representatives of the united forum of bank unions (ufbu) and the indian banks association (iba), ...

insurance regulator insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today asked life insurance companies to give details of ...

the indian rupee today strengthened by 9 paise to quote at almost six-week high of 47.86 against the us dollar in early trade, on ...

with an aim to achieve financial inclusion and provide door step banking to the rural people, the orissa government today signed ...

after crossing the $2-billion mark in july, the amount indian companies raised through external commercial borrowings (ecbs) and ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has asked all life insurers to disclose the information on premium ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subba rao on tuesday initiated the financial literacy programme at doddaballavangala ...

private equity firm sabre capital is expanding its healthcare corpus from rs 250 crore to rs 400 crore, which will be invested ...

rupee advanced to the strongest closing level in six weeks on optimism foreigners will pour more money into the nation s ...

inching closer to taking over catholic syrian bank (csb), one of the oldest private sector lenders in kerala, federal bank has ...

dewan housing finance (dhfl) has raised rs 250 crore through private placement of debt and plans to raise another rs 500 crore ...

private sector lender lakshmi vilas bank is planning to raise rs 240 crore to 300 crore through the issue of shares on rights ...

the indian rupee today fell marginally by 3 paise to 48.16 against the us dollar in early trade, on expectations of fresh capital ...

as producers rush to insure their films from delays in launch due to unforeseen circumstances such as a strike or a natural ...

after having a minor presence in india for more than three decades, french banking group societe generale (socgen) is now ...

royal bank of scotland group plc, britain s biggest government-controlled bank, is in talks with shareholders to gauge the ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor usha thorat on monday said india needed to build foreign exchange reserves when the ...

public sector player punjab sind bank (psb) is drawing up plans to privately place equity shares with institutional ...

to reach out to the people in the unbanked rural areas, the state bank of india (sbi), the largest public sector bank, plans to ...

the chennai-based indian overseas bank (iob) intends to go for business process re-engineering (bpr) of its operations as a ...

riding on the initial success of micro insurance scheme, state-run life insurance corporation of india (lic) is aiming to nearly ...

financial services major citigroup s top executive tom king is leaving the company after 20 years of service and is likely to ...

two more us banks went belly up last week, pushing total failures to a whopping 94 entities so far this year in the country, even ...

anil ambani group firm reliance life insurance is aiming to receive premium of around rs 1,000 cr in the next five years from ...

post offices would no more limit its banking system to old and traditional technology and would adopt core banking system, on the ...

indian oil corporation (ioc) and south indian bank (sib) on saturday signed a memorandum of understanding to start the latter s ...

new york state s insurance regulator suggested moody s investors service should have its authorisation to rate ...

in a note sent to the ministry of finance, the rbi has stated that the exemption should be granted following the urgency and ...

the multiple prime lending rate (plr) system with a cap on advance rates, which are likely to be recommended by a reserve bank of ...

hsbc holdings plc said it is a victim of a $75 million fraud by hassan nemazee, a top fundraiser for president barack obama and ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is in the process of setting up database of all vehicles, which are ...

india s foreign exchange reserves grew $3.32 billion in the week up to september 11, 2009, to $280.98 billion on the back ...

with recovery in select industrial sectors and improvement in rainfall, banks expect credit offtake to grow 20 per cent and the ...

ubs ag s $780 million settlement with us authorities to avoid prosecution for helping americans cheat on their taxes has ...

thrissur-based dhanalakshmi bank will add 66 new branches during the current financial year to its network of 207, said pg ...

amid inflation turning positive after over three months and slackening credit growth, reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d ...

the country s third largest private sector lender, axis bank, today raised $720 million (nearly rs 3,466 crore) through global ...

the indian rupee today fell by 8 paise to 48.23 against the us currency in early trade after a three-session rising streak on ...

india inc s fund raising through private placement of debt surged 42 per cent to rs 40,300 crore in the first quarter of ...

prime minister gordon brown s government may have to cut spending at the sharpest pace since britain negotiated its ...

taking forward the agenda for developing the corporate bond market, the reserve bank of india said it initially intends to allow ...

axis bank on thursday opened its qualified institutional placement (qip)-cum-global depository receipts (gdr) issue through which ...

interest rates may harden a bit by the end of the current financial year, according to c rangarajan, chairman of the prime ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has requested all registrars of co-operative societies (rcss) to restrict individual shareholding ...

country s third-largest private sector lender axis bank today said it has started the process of raising funds through private ...

despite reasonably comfortable liquidity conditions, the long term bond yields have inched up significantly during the last few ...

india s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi) plans to set up an administrative office in uk by end-fiscal, which would act ...

financial services firm citigroup has hired rodney tsang, one of the bank of america merrill lynch s top china investment ...

the indian rupee rose to a new one-month high after gaining 26 paise against the us currency in the opening trade today as ...

the ripple effects of the fall of lehman brothers in september last year is evident in the field of global mergers and ...

hyderabad-based sks microfinance, which has launched micro-insurance project swayam shakti suraksha in partnership ...

chennai-based sical logistics on wednesday said it had received approval to invest around rs 368 crore its equity portion ...

thrissur-based south indian bank is aiming for a net profit of rs 230 crore by the end of this financial year, by systematically ...

a year after the bankruptcy of lehman brothers holdings inc, credit-default swaps (cds) have lost their stigma for disaster and ...

reserve bank of india governor d subbarao is scheduled to meet a group of select bank chiefs on friday to assess the resource ...

lic housing finance, the second-best performer among non-banking finance stocks in asia this year has raised $135 million selling ...

banking stocks have gained between 5 per cent and 11 per cent on the bombay stock exchange (bse) in the last two days on higher ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), has chalked out strategies to grow aggressively in overseas ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has directed that the fraud risk management and fraud investigation function of a bank must be ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is not in favour of a multiple benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) mechanism as proposed by ...

a reserve bank of india (rbi) working group is likely to recommend two types of benchmark prime lending rates one for ...

citigroup has raised $5 billion via government-backed bonds, a move which may make it difficult for the financial services major ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india, has chalked out strategies to grow aggressively in overseas markets, ...

the indian rupee strengthened by 18 paise against the us currency in the opening trade today as exporters sold the dollar, which ...

federal reserve chairman ben s bernanke said the worst us recession since the 1930s has probably ended, while warning that growth ...

we are planning to structure a mauritius-based entity which would be instrumental in roping in foreign funds from global ...

andhra bank is bullish on the retail segment and is working on products that are tailor-made for its customers. it is also ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) panel on revamping the existing benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) will meet tomorrow for ...

officials of the reserve bank of india (rbi) and the finance ministry would meet on september 29 to decide on the borrowing ...

with the april 1, 2011 deadline for implementation of international financial reporting standards (ifrs) in india getting closer, ...

mortgage lender lic housing finance today said it plans to raise up to rs 660 crore through sale of 10 million shares to ...

state bank of india (sbi) has started providing a complete range of banking services from its branch at the dubai international ...

private sector lender yes bank has paid advance tax of rs 58-crore, it said. the lender had paid rs 33-crore advance tax in ...

aviva life insurance-joint venture between dabur and aviva and dbs bank-singapore headquartered financial services group today ...

the indian rupee strengthened by 10 paise against the us currency in the opening trade today on expectations of capital inflows ...

india inc is heaving a sigh of relief after a year-long run on liquidity but is cautious after former us federal reserve chairman ...

the seeds of the current financial crisis, described as a tsunami by former federal reserve chairman alan ...

outward remittances by individuals jumped 158 per cent during june this year to $145 million mainly on account of higher outgo on ...

with the credit growth still sluggish, the reserve bank of india (rbi) may not raise key policy rates, according to suman k bery, ...

key changes are expected in vehicle repossession norms to ease the process for banks to take back cars and two-wheelers from ...

foreign lender standard chartered bank plans to hire around 2,000 employees in india in the current financial year, a top ...

the rajasthan cooperative minister parsadi lal meena today said that his department would provide crop loan worth rs 1,000 crore ...

deutsche bank today announced its appointment as us dollar clearing bank for clearing corporation of india limited (ccil). ...

russia s oldest and largest state- run retail bank - sberbank (savings bank) - is to shortly open its branch in new delhi as part ...

yes bank, new private sector bank, has inked pact with proparco, french financing agency, to raise $20 million (rs 95 crore) ...

private sector lender ing vysya bank today said it will raise rs 416 crore by issuing shares to potential buyers and allotting ...

the indian rupee today slid by 20 paise against the us currency in opening trade on expectations of capital outflows and ...

public sector lender punjab national bank plans to offload non-performing assets (npas) aggregating rs 548 crore to trim ...

the yield on government bond securities is likely to ease on cues from reserve bank of india (rbi) to re-examine the current ...

stung by reports that it sold dud home loans, icici bank has decided to approach the government agencies and market regulator ...

insurance companies hitting the public market will have to appoint an independent actuary as part of ipo and m a norms to ...

while appreciating the role of public sector banks (psbs) in protecting the economy against the global economic turmoil, finance ...

banking regulator reserve bank of india (rbi) was working on introducing repurchase agreements (repo) in corporate bonds and ...

the indian rupee strengthened by 20 paise against the us currency in opening trade today in anticipation of increased capital ...

as part of the festival offer, bangalore-based public sector lender, canara bank, has reduced the rate of interest on all fresh ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) should allow credit enhancement on corporate bonds wherein banks guarantee such bonds to make the ...

banks continued to issue six-month certificates of deposit (cds) as march maturity papers were offered 70-80 basis points below ...

india s 10-year bonds fell on speculation investors may demand higher yields to buy new securities the government is ...

european central bank policy makers signaled they intend to leave emergency lending measures in place into next year to support ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) was actively considering allowing repurchase agreements (repo) in corporate ...

many of the banks in the country are planning to deploy technology related projects over the next one year, with an aim to reduce ...

the account maintenance charges of the proposed low-cost pension scheme would be drastically reduced to provide safety to people ...

the easy monetary stance, which has been adopted by the reserve bank of india (rbi) since october last year, might be reversed ...

after getting a green signal from shareholders to raise equity capital, axis bank will soon launch share offerings, including ...

bank of england (boe) has left the key rate unchanged at 0.5 per cent and will continue with its asset purchase programme worth ...

axis bank, the country s third-largest private sector lender, today said it would raise up to rs 6,490 crore through global ...

during the april-july period, the payments made through credit card stood at rs 19,569 crore, against rs 22,031 crore in the ...

india s rapid integration with the rest of the world could pose complex challenges to its financial stability and the country ...

kerala-based south indian bank (sib) has announced a new low-rate housing loan scheme with fixed rate of interest for the first ...

standard chartered bank is actively evaluating the acquisition of the indian assets of royal bank of scotland group ...

the indian rupee has turned stronger after a brief pause yesterday appreciating by 19 paise to 48.32 against the greenback in ...

reserve bank of india today said bank loans whose repayment is done from future rental generated from properties like shopping ...

in keeping with the reserve bank of india (rbi) guidelines for the residuary non-banking finance company to exit deposit-taking ...

ing vysya bank on wednesday announced that it had raised rs 415 crore by way of a qualified institutional placement (qip) and ...

chennai-headquartered indian overseas bank (iob) has written to the government for a capital infusion of about rs 1,000 crore to ...

rising bond yields might not come down if banks did not cut their deposit rates further, reserve bank of india s deputy governor ...

banks will tweak their information technology systems, especially for authenticating customer identity, over the next 18 months ...

engineering and construction major larsen toubro ltd is open to taking the inorganic route to enter the asset management ...

a consortium led by reliance general insurance company on wednesday bagged the mandate for providing insurance to air india for ...

state-owned indian overseas bank (iob) has approached the government for an infusion of rs 1,000-crore tier-i capital to augment ...

reserve bank deputy governor, k c chakrabarty, today said that rise in bond yields was not a concern for the central bank and ...

the indian rupee today fell by 8 paise to 48.55 against the us currency in early trade breaking its five-day gaining streak on ...

the government might consider selling fewer bonds in the year ending march after announcing expenditure cuts yesterday, finance ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), today said there was no marked-to-market (mtm) losses from its ...

nashik divisional office of life insurance corporation (lic) has set the target of selling 5 lakh policies with the first premium ...

soon banks such as icici bank, axis bank and state bank of india with a private equity (pe) arms may have to keep enhanced ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is against lending by banks below their benchmark prime lending rates (bplrs) a stance ...

axis private equity (pe), a fund sponsored by the third largest private sector lender axis bank, plans to invest rs 200 crore in ...

as a festival offer, the bangalore-based public sector lender, canara bank, has reduced rate of interest on all fresh home loans ...

india s second largest lender, icici bank, has seen growth returning in its home and auto loans portfolios in the second ...

the country s largest bank state bank of india (sbi) expects its earnings growth in the second quarter of this fiscal (fy10) to ...

the indian rupee strengthened marginally by 4 paise against the us $ in the opening trade today on expectations of more capital ...

in order to protect the interest of policyholders from agents or corporate agents switching from one insurance company to ...

ifci plans to raise around rs 1,000 crore from the market through a bond issue. after a gap of three years, the company is in the ...

former federal reserve chairman alan greenspan said banks should be forced to hold more capital on their balance sheets, ...

despite the country experiencing deficient rainfall, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has not changed its growth projections for ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday said banks would be allowed to raise tier-ii capital by issuing sub-ordinate debts ...

credit demand from consumers seemed to be back on track, especially in sectors such as auto and home loans though banks had cut ...

ahmedabad-based self employed women s association (sewa) bank aims to provide retirement benefits to 1 lakh unorganised workers ...

the foreign investment promotion board (fipb) has advised 300-odd companies to pay the reserve bank of india (rbi) a penalty ...

the comptroller and auditor general of india (cag) has rapped jammu and kashmir bank for various lapses, including not adhering ...

the punjab national bank (pnb) is mulling to provide financial assistance to small and medium enterprises (sme) clusters across ...

the indian rupee strengthened by 12 paise against the $ in opening trade today on expectations of more capital inflows as market ...

uncertainty on interest rates and competition among banks are forcing lenders to lend for the short term and introduce interest ...

the delhi high court has issued notice to standard chartered bank on a petition, which alleged non-payment rs 1.5 lakh by the ...

finance ministers of the world s 20 largest economies, including india, today agreed on the need to have an ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) was not worried about the tardy credit growth so far in the current financial year and there was ...

state bank of india, the country s largest bank, today said that it is withdrawing its blockbuster 1,000-day deposit scheme ...

the company has 33 such branches at present. similarly, the number of insurance advisors is proposed to be doubled to 15,000 from ...

the persistent decline in the credit-deposit (cd) ratio of banks in orissa over the past few years is a disturbing trend and the ...

government-owned bank of maharashtra plans to raise rs 300 crore capital through a combination of tier i and tier ii bonds by ...

state-owned vijaya bank expects to receive rs 700 crore as recapitalisation from the government by the end of third quarter. the ...

exactly three months after announcing a tie-up for a standalone health insurance joint venture (jv), religare and global insurer ...

shriram life insurance company ltd (a joint venture between shriram group and sanlam life insurance ltd, south africa) would roll ...

vijaya bank today said it does not have any more fund raising plan during the year as it is expecting rs 700 crore from the ...

bank of maharashtra will raise rs 300 crore by september this year as tier i and tier ii capital by issuing bonds, the bank ...

the co-operative banking scenario in the country stands improved as the sector has clocked a double digit growth 13 per cent in ...

public sector banks in punjab are gearing up to set up rural self employment training institute (rseti) under the guidelines of ...

the rupee strengthened for a second day as asian stock gains added to optimism the region s economic recovery was ...

the government s high borrowings might not push up interest rates sharply towards the end of this year and were likely to ...

the government has started the process of appointing executive directors (eds) at public sector banks by seeking consent from ...

now, people buying health policies with a cover for three years or more can surrender them within 15 days if they are not ...

reserve bank of india officials today met several banks and asked them to report interest rate swap (irs) transactions made with ...

banks in india need to reach out to their potential customers in the rural areas by leveraging emerging technologies in banking ...

the employees provident fund organisation (epfo) has started looking for options to park 3-5 per cent of its rs 2.57-lakh-crore ...

launched by gujarat urban bank co-operative banks federation (gubcbf) on february 10, 2009, the flood it initiative has been ...

we have already invested rs 40,000 crore in the stock market in the first four months of the current financial year and by ...

a reserve bank of india (rbi) working group set up to rework the benchmark prime lending rate (plr) structure is mulling multiple ...

giving an exit route to health insurance policy holders, the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) said today ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) today launched it s second micro insurance product - jeevan mangal aimed at lower ...

four australian banks, including national australia bank and commonwealth bank, have been ranked among the safest banks in the ...

to stop financial products from being mis-sold, a government-appointed committee has proposed the phased elimination of upfront ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on tuesday reiterated that indian companies having exposure to price risks in metals, crude oil, ...

issuances of certificates of deposits (cds) by banks continued to remain high for refinance of papers that mature in september, ...

thrissur-based dhanalakshmi bank has hired london-based design consultant fitch to revamp its brand which will include changing ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) is set to introduce a micro-insurance policy called jeevan mangal on september 3 this ...

allahabad bank is widening the operations of its financial services subsidiary, allbank finance ltd, which is at present limited ...

the government and the reserve bank of india (rbi) seem to be taking a tough stand on the appointment of retired advisors at ...

india s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) is firming up a special scheme to meet credit needs of farmers, especially ...

interest rate futures (irfs), which made a comeback this monday after six years, has opened up a lot of interesting options for ...

in times when spiralling food prices seem to be pinching the wallet on a daily basis, fierce competition among financial ...

allahabad bank is restructuring its financial services subsidiary, allbank finance ltd, to widen its operations, currently ...

dhanalakshmi bank is planning a brand transformation initiative which will include changing the logo and related branding ...

the country s largest private sector lender icici bank has allotted a total 30,158 equity shares pursuant to conversion of ...

the indian rupee today fell by another 15 paise to hit one-and-a-half month low of 49.18 against the $ in early trade, extending ...

the visakhapatnam division of life insurance corporation of of india (lic) is targeting a 25 per cent increase in premium ...

the committee set up to look into the issue of regulating investment advice would submit its report to the government by the ...

in a bid to ensure that high networth individuals (hnis) stayed with them, public sector banks, including state bank of india ...

shriram life insurance (slic) today launched a unit-linked premium plan shriram pension plan which gives clients ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), today launched a new programme, citizen sbi, aimed at attitudinal ...

the government is unlikely to reverse its expansionary policy, aimed at spurring investments and growth, in the current financial ...

state-run union bank is not likely to cut lending rates although the cost of funds may start coming down from the third quarter ...

with the government expected to push for the passage of the bill to provide legislative backing to the pension fund regulatory ...

with nearly 20 per cent of its rs 6,000-crore corpus invested in clean energy, idfc private equity has identified clean ...

idbi fortis life insurance company ltd, which started its commercial operations from march 2008, aims to sell 10,000 termsurance ...

public-sector lender, union bank of india (ubi) today cut interest rates on foreign currency non-resident (bank) account deposits ...

loan disbursements, which dipped due to economic slowdown, during the nine months ending may 2009, is expected to pick up ...

bank of america (bofa) has proposed to repay part of the us government bailout money, while the us is pressing the bank to pay at ...

remittances to india by expatriates living in the united arab emirates could rise in the days ahead in view of the coming festive ...

former punjab sind bank chairman and managing director rp singh is likely to be appointed as the head of punjab national ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) decision to end the free run at automated teller machines (atms) is going to come ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has launched a novel development project wadi in ...

insurance sector regulator irda on monday said it is likely to come out with initial public offer (ipo) guidelines by october. ...

the first islamic bank in the country with active involvement of the kerala government is likely to start operations in kochi by ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is likely to hasten the file and use procedure for unit-linked ...

the banks in orissa provided rs 782.32 crore loan to the micro, small and medium enterprises (msmes) during the first four months ...

the rupee completed its worst month since february as asian equity losses fueled concern global funds will pull money out of the ...

issuances of short-term money market instruments fell today as mutual funds avoided purchases on fears they would start facing ...

a large part of the government borrowing programme for the financial year has already been completed and the process has been ...

in a move aimed at improving the demand for government bonds, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has eased accounting rules for ...

the company will be paying 8 per cent per annum on the second year and 8.5 per cent on third year deposits, a company ...

state-run bank of bardoa today said that it expects its loan portfolio to grow by 22 per cent in 2009-10 and felt there will be ...

standard chartered bank said it has completed one of india s first interest rate futures transactions in the new form with the ...

private sector lender dhanalakshmi bank today announced the appointment of two directors to its board ghanshyam dass and ...

the indian rupee today fell by 24 paise against the $ in early trade on expectation of heavy capital outflows and increased ...

banks investments in mutual funds increased by rs 17,291 crore during the fortnight ended august 14 to rs 1,56,910 crore, ...

regulators closed banks in california, maryland and minnesota on friday, pushing us bank failures to 84 this year amid continuing ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today prohibited chit funds from accepting deposits, a move that could make banks the sole public ...

public sector indian overseas bank today said it will raise an amount totalling to rs 800 crore by issue of bonds on private ...

the reserve bank of india has gone back on its stand on floating provision and it is now left to banks on how they want to treat ...

banks have decided to put a rs 10,000 cap per third party atm cash withdrawal from october 15, besides limiting such transactions ...

amidst ample liquidity, bankers do not see interest rates moving up and state bank of india chairman o p bhatt expects the cost ...

the indian rupee appreciated by 11 paisa to 48.80 against the american currency in early trade today on fresh dollar selling by ...

with the government announcing a huge borrowing programme for 2009-10 at rs 4.51 lakh crore, the reserve bank of india today said ...

despite various measures taken by the reserve bank of india (rbi) to curb the menace of counterfeit notes, the value of such ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) transferable surplus to the government of india for 2008-09 jumped 66.6 per cent ...

as a sign of people moving to electronic mode of fund transfer, the number of cheques processed in 2008-09 fell 5 per cent after ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has extended the terms and conditions for banks to provide funds to housing development projects ...

in a move that could affect private equity (pe) and venture capital (vc) funds being set up by banks, the reserve bank of india ...

lloyds banking group plc may sell part of its fund management business, including a possible initial public offering of scottish ...

amid the green shoots being sighted the world over, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today painted a grim picture and laid bare ...

rupee rose for the first time in four days on speculation exporters took advantage of the currency s slide to a six-week ...

customers can avail themselves of unhindered, free third-party atm transactions for some more time despite the reserve bank of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may set a commission of 4 paise for primary dealers (pd) underwriting friday s rs ...

accordingly, the rate for home loans up to rs 20 lakh will now be 8.75 per cent, while loans between rs 20-50 lakh will be ...

unsatiated by trebling of its share price to rs 750 since march, icici bank has embarked on an ambitious plan to double return ...

the indian rupee today fell to touch a seven-week low of 49.03 against the us currency in early trade on month-end $ demand ...

with the economic downturn impacting deal flows, salaries of top private equity professionals took a hit as most firms froze pay ...

ing groep, the biggest dutch financial-services company, has asked for final bids for its private banking operations and is ...

export import bank of india (exim bank) is looking at promoting a grassroot business fund, an initiative of the international ...

the euro traded at the highest level in more than 11 weeks against the pound ahead of a report on german business sentiment that ...

it took 56 years for united bank of india (ubi) to reach a business of rs 50,000 crore. that was in 2006. the milestone had ...

the government is considering a rs 900-crore capital infusion plan to dena bank for meeting its capital requirement and business ...

after a lull of almost a year, some banks are beginning to pull out their databases to contact potential credit card customers. ...

icici bank has asked the government not to take into account overseas securities such as american depositary receipt (adr) and ...

state-run union bank of india has seen a robust growth in retail credit so far in the current financial year, but since overall ...

banks didn t have room to further cut lending rates as of now and, in fact, they might look at raising them once credit ...

public sector-lender indian bank is planning to increase the number of its branches in kerala to over 100 from the present 89 ...

the bank had targeted a growth of 25 per cent in the present fiscal but may end up in the range of 20-22 owing to the difficult ...

public sector indian bank planned to increase the number of its branches in kerala to over 100 from the present 89 during the ...

kerala-based federal bank has launched a contact centre from today for providing better customer service, a top official of the ...

icici bank has asked the government not to take into account overseas securities like adr and gdr when deciding on whether a bank ...

the indian rupee weakened further by 15 paise to 48.90 against the us currency in late morning trade today due to month-end ...

the rupee weakened for a third day on speculation the country s importers bought foreign currency to meet month-end ...

the federal reserve must for the first time identify the companies in its emergency lending programmes after losing a freedom of ...

the pension fund regulatory and development authority (pfrda) is scouting for institutional advisors to help the regulator in ...

federal reserve chairman ben s bernanke, who led the biggest expansion of the central bank s power in its 95-year history ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has asked insurance companies to be more cautious while concluding ...

idbi bank is expected to formally shelve its plan to become the first public sector lender to introduce variable pay for its ...

riding on the back of rising auto sales last month, the non-life insurance industry has recorded a marginal rise in premium ...

having burnt their fingers in the secondary market crash of 2008-09, private equity (pe) funds are shying away from private ...

the royal bank of scotland s (rbs ) effort to complete the sale of its asian business, including india and china, is facing ...

insurance regulator irda today tightened the anti-money laundering guidelines by asking the insurance companies to ensure that no ...

the royal bank of scotland s (rbs) effort to complete the sale of its asian business, including in india and china, is facing ...

pitching for a consolidation in the banking industry, state bank of india (sbi) chairman o p bhatt said today the country needs ...

public sector lender punjab national bank today said it would raise rs 500 crore through the issue of bonds to meet its business ...

andhra bank mumbai zone general manager today announced the bank s expansion plans with emphasis on increasing exposure to the ...

the indian rupee today fell by 20 paise against the us currency in early trade on expectation of heavy capital outflows and ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has called for more involvement of private sector banks for extending financial services in the ...

banks have seen an increase in the number of customers opting for mobile banking services in the last two months due to a steep ...

bond yields on government papers have risen further on concern that rising commodity prices and drought could trigger inflation. ...

mortgage loans lender lic housing finance (lichf) was likely to finalise a partner for its real estate venture capital fund by ...

anil ambani-run reliance money may acquire 5 per cent more in the national multi-commodity exchange of india (nmce) to take its ...

the government has shortlisted four candidates for the post of national housing bank s (nhb s) chairman and managing ...

the world bank (wb) is set to clear funding of $3.2 billion (over rs 15,500 crore) for capital infusion into public sector banks ...

the indian rupee today appreciated by 19 paise to touch a one-week high of 48.43 against the $ in early trade on expectations of ...

world s largest accounting firm, pricewaterhousecoopers, is being sued for billions of pounds over its role as an ...

the yield on government securities may move up further on monday as reserve bank of india (rbi) accepted bids at bond auction at ...

the total number of non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) registered with reserve bank of india (rbi) declined to 12,809 in ...

the centre has agreed to release rs 400 crore immediately to orissa from the compensatory afforestation management and planning ...

having missed the bus to a planned global acquisition in 2008, icici bank today said it was open for a buyout in india, as ...

softer interest rates and expectation on credit buying in the busy season are likely to ensure hectic activity in the bond market ...

if you have defaulted on a loan taken in your personal capacity, there is a chance that you might hear from the human resources ...

chhattisgarh government has approved 14 new irrigation projects in the state to be completed with an estimated cost of rs 654 ...

swiss banks may have turned over client details to the us, but they have said india is not welcome there on a name-fishing ...

wondering if state bank of india (sbi) can steal a march with a low-interest home loan strategy, icici bank today said the ...

having missed the bus to a planned global acquisition in 2008, icici bank today said it is open for a buyout in india as domestic ...

there is more awareness now on healthcare costs and hence also about mediclaim insurance that helps mitigate the risk of such ...

with increased awareness and concern over unexpected events like the 26 11 terror attack on mumbai, ganesh mandals (organisers of ...

americans in switzerland are rushing to disclose their holdings to us tax authorities after the swiss government agreed to hand ...

axis asset management co, backed by india s fourth-largest bank, aims to be one of the nation s top 10 money managers ...

south indian bank on friday recorded its highest-ever net profit of rs 194.75 crore for 2008-09, an increase of 28.44 per cent ...

icici bank on friday said it could make initial public offerings (ipo) in four subsidiaries or sell stake in its insurance ...

the country s foreign exchange reserves decreased by $214 million for the week ended august 14, mainly due to revaluation ...

the yield on government securities (g-secs) shot up across tenures after the reserve bank of india (rbi) accepted bids for bonds ...

china plans to tighten capital requirements for banks, threatening to curb the record lending that s fueled a 60 per cent ...

the financial meltdown that shook the world was a direct outcome of mismanagement of risk. the risk management was completely ...

south indian bank (sib) today recorded its highest-ever net profit of rs 194.75 crore in its 80-year history for 2008-09, ...

hdfc bank has slashed india s growth outlook for the current fiscal to 5.8 per cent from its earlier projection of 6.5 per cent ...

keen to create value for its investors, icici bank today said it could make initial public offerings in four subsidiaries or sell ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi), which made third party atm transactions free from april, has said not more than rs 10,000 can be ...

in the first year of its operations, the uk branches of the punjab national bank (pnb) recorded profits and has now introduced ...

the country s largest private lender, icici bank, today said its cautious approach on credit card issuances would continue even ...

the indian rupee today declined by 10 paise against the dollar in opening trade on expectations of capital outflows by funds from ...

future group is planning to invest rs 100 crore in east india over the next four months, in setting up new stores and in re-doing ...

you can now surrender your unit-linked insurance plan (ulip), purchased from a life insurer, after four years without having to ...

issuances of certificates of deposit (cds) and commercial papers fell today as mutual funds regular investors in the ...

the country s largest private sector lender icici bank today said lending rates will start going up any time now, quite ...

sudhakar, partner of trishul enterprises and director of seven hills properties, and three others had allegedly colluded with the ...

state bank of india, the country s largest lender, plans to hire 11,000 people in the current financial year as it expands ...

state bank of india (sbi), which is opening 1,000 branches a year and is continuing to expand its operations, plans to hire ...

the dividend cheque was presented by the bank executive directors mohan v tanksale and nagesh pydah to finance minister pranab ...

the crack in the secrecy shield of swiss banks known for fiercely guarding the identity of customers will help ...

ubs s share price stuttered ahead on thursday after the announcement of a deal to settle a bruising us government lawsuit, while ...

the country s largest private sector lender icici bank today said lending rates will start going up any time now, quite contrary ...

what could be termed as a major leap in the jammu and kashmir s insurance sector, bajaj allianz general insurance company today ...

punjab national bank (international) ltd, a uk-based subsidiary of punjab national bank, has launched on-line deposit products, ...

the indian rupee today appreciated by 6 paise against the $ in early trade on expectations of increased capital inflows as stock ...

the life insurance industry has paid around rs 1,717 crore as death benefit to policy holders between april and june 2009 ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has extended the deadline to september 1 for collecting the permanent ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has sent a note to the government recommending the re-appointment of shyamala gopinath as one of ...

the asian development bank (adb) has approved a $100 million loan to the north eastern state of mizoram for undertaking a ...

aviva life insurance is planning to hire 1,500 sales managers and 13,000 sales agents in the next seven months in order to expand ...

the us must address the massive amounts of monetary medicine that have been pumped into the financial system and ...

the country s largest private lender, icici bank, is aiming to increase revenues from its small and medium enterprise (sme) ...

interest rates are likely to go down or remain stable in the next three-six months, according to op bhatt, chairman of state bank ...

electrotherm renewables - a division of electrotherm (india) limited, is investing between rs 700 crore and rs 800 crore for ...

the public sector punjab national bank (pnb) proposes to open 62 new branches in orissa to expand its foot print in the state, ...

the country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today said it does not see interest rates rising till diwali this year and ...

central bank chairman s sridhar handed over the dividend cheque to union finance minister pranab mukherjee, the bank said in a ...

private life insurer, hdfc standard life, has roped in sap as its technology partner to enhance its customer base and delivery ...

l t finance ltd s public offer of secured redeemable non-covertible debentures (ncds) opened for subscription on tuesday. the ...

the government and financial sector regulators have prevailed on insurance australia group (iag) to route its investment in a ...

private sector life insurer dlf pramerica, promoted by realty firm dlf and us-based prudential financial, will infuse rs 150-200 ...

the weak monsoon would have a negligible impact on icici bank s loan book since the size of this portfolio is quite small, ...

the government said on tuesday there was no plan to waive loans given to farmers in the face of poor monsoons and any spending to ...

reserve bank of india deputy governor k c chakrabarty said today the weak southwest monsoon could put upward pressure on ...

international finance corporation, a member of the world bank group, has proposed to be an investor in south asia clean energy ...

reliance technology venture limited (rtvl), the venture capital arm of the anil dhirubhai ambani group, is planning to look ...

standard chartered bank s india operations is planning to increase the number of relationship managers to 1,000 by the end ...

the orissa high court has asked the union government to reply on why the central bureau of investigation (cbi) should not be ...

state bank of india, the country s largest lender, is set to flood the market with a host of sector-specific private equity ...

leading private sector lender, icici bank, plans to focus more on growing its home and car loan portfolios in the months ahead ...

housing development finance corporation ltd (hdfc), the multi-faceted finance company, has decided to dilute a maximum 3.5 per ...

corporation bank today said it will launch a facility for payment of income tax for the bank s debit card holders through its atm ...

the comptroller and auditor general of india (cag) in its report on the financial performance of the jharkhand government for the ...

larsen toubro ltd is likely to start general insurance business operations in six months without roping in a partner, chief ...

lic housing finance (lhfl), an arm of life insurance corporation (lic), the country s largest insurer, is planning to ...

tvs motor company is planning to set up an arm that would exclusively finance its two-wheeler customers. the new non-banking ...

most banks continued to issue one-year certificates of deposit (cds) on monday on view that investors may start demanding higher ...

chennai-based financial services technology company, polaris software lab, has come out with a new technology that would allow ...

the world s biggest pension funds lost confidence in stocks as the best long-term investment, cutting holdings or leaving ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has called for actuaries to play a greater role in general insurance ...

despite the global financial meltdown, punjab national bank (pnb) has clocked growth of more than 100 per cent in its overseas ...

haldia petrochemicals may get rs 310 crore insurance claim for a fire that engulfed a part of the mother plant on july 2 this ...

uk market regulator, the financial services authority (fsa), has started a probe into financial services major royal bank of ...

private equity firms are becoming cautious about making fresh investments in india with less funds flowing into this segment as ...

bank of baroda (bob), the country s third-largest public sector lender, is planning to recruit 3,500 people including officers ...

religare mutual fund today announced the launch of its credit opportunities fund. the scheme seeks to generate high level of ...

we are targeting to issue two lakh global credit cards to our customers by end of the current fiscal, pnb chief ...

the indian rupee today depreciated by 32 paise against the $ in early trade on expectations of capital outflows from the stock ...

the deficient rainfall in irrigation-rich punjab has not affected the area under paddy cultivation. though some of the ...

the government may face fresh problems for its mammoth borrowing programme, with several major banks, especially public sector ...

private equity player, india equity partners (iep) fund advisors pvt. ltd. is planning to invest around rs 100 crore in the ...

amid downturn in the insurance sector, private sector insurance player aegon religare life insurance is planning to hire about ...

a study conducted by the migration and remittances team at the world bank said the top-ten recipients of remittances among ...

bank of baroda (bob) has launched an initiative to facilitate two-way flow of investments between india and the uae, a senior ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao said the rapid expansion of the government borrowing programme was coming in the ...

reserve bank of india governor d subbarao has said a new facility would soon be set up in the country for producing paper for ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on friday said it cancelled the certificate of registration granted to three firms for carrying ...

the issue of capital account convertibility (cac) had to be taken forward after taking into account the costs and benefits of ...

its gross premium income rose marginally by 1.4 per cent to rs 8,061.13 crore. while the company s non-obligatory business ...

the action in the home loans market seems to be hotting up with many banks and housing finance companies moving to match the ...

national reinsurer gic re is looking at a growth of 25-30 per cent in its global business and planning to open two international ...

india s foreign exchange reserves fell for the week ended august 7 to $271.239 billion compared to $271.641 billion in the ...

hsbc investdirect today said its singapore-based wholly owned subsidiary il fs investmart asia pacific will surrender the ...

the libor-ois spread narrowed to a level former federal reserve chairman alan greenspan said he regarded as normal, ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has asked non-life insurance companies to move towards risk-based ...

tiruchy-based non-banking finance company (nbfc) grama vidiyal micro finance ltd (gvmfl) is planning to raise around rs 100 crore ...

the state bank of india was relegated to the second spot by providing 8.70 per cent returns to the employees provident ...

the robust growth of the capital goods sector in june has led the government to believe that the stage may be set for private ...

goldman sachs group inc and jpmorgan chase co would be barred from a planned us carbon- emissions market or face trading ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has set up a financial stability unit (fsu) to conduct macro-prudential surveillance of the ...

the free run at automated teller machines might end soon, with banks petitioning the reserve bank of india (rbi) to put curbs on ...

state-owned united bank of india (ubi) is planning to set up a housing finance subsidiary, after its initial public offering ...

a study by the reserve bank of india (rbi) has recommended that the local bodies be provided with grants of about rs 94,000 crore ...

banks continued to issue certificates of deposit (cds) on thursday to refinance paper maturing in august and also as the rates ...

with the government allowing tax pass-through to financial intermediaries, including domestic venture capitalists (vcs), in the ...

an expected recovery in the bank credit in the next few months may push up interest rates in the later part of the current ...

saving for the future in insurance, provident fund and pension schemes may get more attractive with a higher relief at rs three ...

the indian rupee today depreciated by another 21 paise to trade at 48.15 against the $ on sustained capital outflows amid heavy $ ...

to track terror funding, the reserve bank of india has directed banks to submit reports on accounts relating to persons and ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has kicked off a review of the branch licensing norm, but any liberalisation is unlikely to cover ...

bangalore-based public sector lender vijaya bank opened two more branches in hyderabad on wednesday, taking the total number of ...

banks continued to issue certificates of deposit (cds) to refinance papers that mature in august, and on views that rates might ...

corporates expected reserve bank to intervene in the next 6-12 months to suck out excess liquidity from the banking system, which ...

yes bank, the home-grown lender that started operations five years ago, has put on hold its plan to hive off its investment ...

to track terror funding, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has directed banks to submit reports on accounts relating to persons and ...

former icici bank veteran shikha sharma will take home a hefty pay packet as axis bank managing director and ceo that will be in ...

the indian rupee today depreciated by 20 paise to trade at almost two-week low of 48.16 against the $ for the second straight ...

tiruchy-based non-banking finance company grama vidiyal micro finance ltd (gvmfl) is planning to raise around rs 100 crore by way ...

shinsei bank, the japanese lender backed by christopher flowers, said a planned merger with aozora bank would not disrupt ...

primary issuances continued to rise today on views that rates would rise more in september, and also because some issuers ...

the country s first listed gold loan company, manappuram general finance and leasing ltd (magfil), is planning to raise ...

a day after announcing the latest debt instrument to tide over temporary cash flow problem, the government and the reserve bank ...

finance secretary ashok chawla said today it was difficult as of now to gauge the impact of weak rains on the economy, and ...

ptc financial services, a subsidiary of power trading corporation, is mulling to raise rs 1,500 crore by divesting 26 per cent of ...

the indian rupee today depreciated by 22 paise to 48.02 against the us dollar in early trade on expectations of more capital ...

v vaidyanathan, the new managing director and ceo of icici prudential life insurance, is trying to get the private sector player ...

the general insurance corporation of india (gic) is planning to join hands with regional transport offices (rtos) to track ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), said on monday it is likely to start its general insurance ...

general insurer oriental insurance company is aiming to rake in rs 4,400 crore premium income in the current financial year and ...

bolstered by a four-fold jump in treasury gains, the top-12 banks in the country clocked a 55.2 per cent jump in net profits in ...

the country s third-largest housing finance company, dewan housing finance (dhfl), has postponed its proposed ...

rating agency crisil on monday said an erratic monsoon and severe rain deficiency in the first week of august had raised the fear ...

bolstered by a four-fold jump in treasury gains, india s top 12 banks clocked a 55.2 per cent jump in net profits in the quarter ...

the government has invited applications for the post of chairman and managing director (cmd) of the export import bank of india ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), today said it is likely to start its general insurance business by march ...

no interest will accrue on the bonds after september 25,2009 and the book closure of the 54th series will be observed with effect ...

the indian rupee today appreciated by 10 paise to 47.74 against the dollar in early trade on expectations of increased capital ...

a reserve bank occasional paper has mooted a special fund for self help groups (shgs) to deal with regional imbalances in credit ...

the country s third largest public sector lender, bank of baroda (bob), today said it is open to overseas acquisition if a ...

keeping in view the credit requirement of the small and medium enterprises (smes) in orissa, credit of rs 560 crore has been made ...

sahara mutual fund, part of the sahara group with about rs 237 crore assets under management, is planning to launch a daily ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) chairman deepak parekh has said there is a compelling need to have real estate ...

the top 12 banks had restructured assets worth rs 32,530 crore in the first quarter ended june 2009, taking their total ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has added a rider for offloading its stake in the national housing bank (nhb) to the government ...

insurance regulator insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is ready with the final guidelines on corporate ...

a reserve bank of india (rbi) occasional paper has mooted a special fund for self help groups (shgs) to deal with regional ...

the country s third-largest public sector lender bank of baroda (bob) today said it is open to overseas acquisition if a good ...

idbi bank has taken an initiative to strengthen its base in the mid-corporate, sme and retail sectors without compromising its ...

a recent directive from rbi makes it mandatory to have an additional authentication pass code verified by visa or msc (master ...

hitting out at rivals offering home loans at low interest during early years of the credit period, hdfc on friday warned that ...

the centre has signed a loan agreement of $ 200 million with asian development bank for developing urban infrastructure in 5 ...

subir gokarn, executive director and chief economist at standard poor s asia pacific, is heading the shortlist of ...

the rate war in the home loan segment has just intensified, with the state bank of india, the country s largest bank, ...

car loans from icici bank, the country s largest private sector lender, would be 50-75 basis points (bps) cheaper, while ...

having already inducted around 4,000 insurance advisors, private life insurance company, aegon religare is planning to recruit ...

in an attempt to check mis-selling, the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is planning to increase the lock-in ...

hitting out at rivals offering home loans at low interest during early years of credit period, mortgage leader hdfc today warned ...

swinging into the black for the first time in two years, embattled insurer american international group (aig) has posted a ...

a two-day strike by public sector bank employees demanding higher salaries ended today after nearly crippling business and retail ...

underlining the need for improving banking in rural areas, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today asked banks to open more ...

india s largest bank, state bank of india, today said that it was launching a three-month long home loan campaign at attractive ...

underscoring the need to improve banking facilities in rural areas, rbi today asked the banks to open more branches in the ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is thinking of increasing the lock-in period for unit linked insurance ...

the royal bank of scotland(rbs), in which the british government has a majority stake, has posted a loss of 1.04 billion pounds ...

manipal (karnataka)-headquartered syndicate bank is in the process of delisting its equity shares from the bangalore stock ...

employees of state-run banks continued their strike demanding higher wages for the second day today, hitting bulk cash and ...

the indian rupee today moved further down by 18 paise against the us currency in opening trade on expectations of capital ...

the insurance regulatory development authority (irda) has turned down a proposal from the life insurance corporation of india ...

the orissa high court has issued notices to the reserve bank of india (rbi), the ministry of home affairs (mha), the ministry of ...

insurance major aviva returned to the black with profits of 747 million for the first six months of this year on the back ...

indian banks are witnessing a spurt in rollovers in buyer s credit, a form of short-term trade finance facility. bankers ...

trading volumes in the bond, foreign exchange and money markets and normal branch operations were adversely affected on thursday ...

the european central bank (ecb) today retained its key rate at 1 per cent, amid the constituent countries continuing to grapple ...

public sector banks performance in terms of growth in total income was double than that of their private counterparts in the ...

ing vysya bank today said it has appointed shailendra bhandari as the managing director and chief executive of the bank for a ...

employees of public sector banks across the country are striking work for two days from today to push for wage hike, among other ...

the difference between india s three-month and three-year interest-rate swaps will narrow from a near-record high as the ...

canara bank has expanded its network of sme sulabh centres to 7 more cities. the sme sulabh is a centralised loan ...

city-based general insurance company cholamandalam ms is targeting rs 2,500 crore premium within five years. the company is a ...

reserve bank of india has asked banks that are not participating in the bank strike on thursday and friday to not present, on ...

the revised rate is as low as 8.50 per cent for vehicle loans during the first 12 months, 9.50 per cent during the next 24 ...

private equity fund red fort capital will pick up around 50 per cent stake in a noida residential project, a source familiar with ...

the total value of deals, including mergers and acquisitions (m as) and private equity (pe), in the first half of 2009 ...

the government has ignored the world bank s (wb) suggestion for a roadmap on reducing its holding in public sector banks ...

state-owned corporation bank has said it is planning to recruit 1,400 during the current financial year. we are planning ...

standard chartered bank, india s second-largest foreign lender by assets, said it continued to evaluate the option of ...

the board of directors of ing vysya bank today approved raising of fresh funds by further issue of capital, including global ...

ing vysya bank today announced the appointment of shailendra bhandari, 51, as managing director and chief executive officer of ...

lloyds banking group has reported a huge loss of 4 billion pounds for the first six months of 2009, as mounting impairment ...

global investment bank, nomura, today announced the appointment of birendra agarwal as managing director and chief information ...

the revised rate is as low as 8.50 per cent for vehicle loans during first 12 months, 9.50 per cent during next 24 months, 10 per ...

the indian rupee today recovered 14 paise at 47.60 against the us currency in morning trade amid weak dollar overseas and ...

ubs ag, switzerland s largest bank by assets, will see further withdrawals by wealthy clients after reporting a third ...

the initial response to films funded by cinema-focused venture funds might not have been overwhelming, but that is not stopping ...

leading private sector lender axis bank will issue 71.4 million fresh equity shares through global depository receipts (gdrs) or ...

raghuram rajan, author of the latest report on financial sector reforms, today said that the reserve bank of india (rbi) should ...

the australia and new zealand banking group (anz) today said that it would pursue a banking licence in india and later explore ...

a precedent-setting order by the authority for advance ruling (aar) could enable foreign companies exiting their india joint ...

stanchart, which has a strong presence in the emerging markets, had raked in a profit before tax of $2.58 billion in the year-ago ...

british banking entity royal bank of scotland (rbs) today said it is in advanced discussions with bidders for selling its retail ...

swiss banking major ubs ag continued to be in the red for the third straight quarter, with losses of 1.40 billion swiss francs ...

the indian rupee today touched a two-month high of 47.44 against the $ in early trade on increased capital inflows amid ...

the government has identified at least eight candidates for appointment as executive directors in various state-owned banks as ...

the rupee rose to a seven-week high against the us dollar on expectations that portfolio investors will pump more money into ...

the government has set up a standing committee on infrastructure finance, which will be headed by finance secretary ashok chawla, ...

in keeping with the tone of the first quarter monetary policy review, reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao has told ...

with signs of improvement in the economic climate and support to stressed sectors, the pace of addition to gross non-performing ...

global banking major barclays today reported a 10 per cent growth in net profit at 1.88 billion pounds in the first half of 2009, ...

public sector corporation bank plans to raise an additional rs 700 crore from bonds in the second quarter to fund its growing ...

the nre term deposit interest rates for one year to less than two years had been fixed at 3.25 per cent from 3.36 per cent, two ...

the indian rupee today hardened by 11 paise to touch a one-month high of 47.83 a $ in early trade in line with other asian ...

just a fortnight ago, japan s financial powerhouse, nomura, bought a 35 per cent stake in lic mutual fund in a deal that ...

syndicate bank has registered a near three-fold jump in net profit to rs 261.56 crore during the quarter ended june 2009, as ...

the free cash withdrawal facility from automated teller machines (atms) has proved to be a boon for banks with small networks as ...

provident and pension funds are doing what banks did not purchase oil bonds. over the past year or so, these fund ...

investment bankers in barclays are set to receive bonus and salary packages worth an average of 250,000 pound per head for the ...

hit by rising bad loans, private sector lender, kotak mahindra bank has decided to reduce its unsecured loans in the months ahead ...

a bill to amend the life insurance corporation act was introduced in the lok sabha on friday. the bill seeks to raise the minimum ...

export import bank of india (exim bank) is considering raising funds through samurai bonds, tc venkat subramanian, chairman and ...

india s foreign exchange reserves rose $1.524 billion in the week up to july 24 to $267.71 billion, partly due to inflows ...

export import bank of india (exim bank) is considering raising funds through samurai bonds, or yen-denominated bonds issued in ...

thrissur-based dhanalakshmi bank has cloaked a net profit of rs 6.05 crore for the quarter-ended june 30, as against rs 3.06 ...

to help the farmers mitigate the loss on account of flood, drought and disease in animals, iffco-tokio general insurance, the ...

the rs 500 cr non convertible debenture (ncd) issue by commercial vehicle finance major shriram transport finance company limited ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will roll back the special monetary measures if the government commits itself to fiscal ...

dhanalakshmi bank increased its net profit to rs 10.12 crore in q1 compared with rs 9.52 crore in the corresponding period of the ...

syndicate bank reported an almost three-fold growth in net profit at rs 261.57 crore in the first quarter of the current ...

after paring their mutual fund investments in the previous fortnight to meet quarter-end capital requirements, banks pumped in rs ...

the dollar and the yen declined versus the euro after a government report showed the us economy shrank less than economists ...

public sector lender, bank of india (boi), has slashed its deposit rates by 0.25-0.5 per cent across various tenures, effective ...

it has been decided to extend interest subvention of 2 per cent on export credit for a further period of six months i.e. ...

india s foreign exchange reserves rose for the second consecutive week to $267.711 billion, up by $1.524 billion, as compared to ...

they survived the financial turmoil with taxpayers money, still nine leading us banks shelled out more than $32 billion in bonus ...

private sector kotak mahindra bank today unveiled a new brand identity by adopting a tag line that promises simpler money ...

investors will no longer be charged a 2.25 per cent distribution commission up front by mutual funds beginning tomorrow following ...

exim bank will raise rs 19,500 crore during 2009-10 to provide export finance to indian corporates, its chariman and managing ...

the indian rupee strengthened by 13 paise in early trade today on expectations of fund inflows and weakness in the us currency ...

public sector bank of maharashtra (bom) announced that its net profit for the first quarter ended june 2009 has more than doubled ...

insurers will have to register over 40 per cent of their unit-liked insurance product (ulip) offerings before december 31 with ...

the supreme court has cleared the way for civil courts to decide the vexed question of derivative instruments on foreign ...

west bengal might just lose the rs 600 crore astonfield waste-to-energy project if kolkata municipal corporation fails to ...

public sector financial institution bank of maharashtra s (bom) net profit jumped 118.29 per cent to rs 101.79 crore during the ...

state bank of india, the country s largest lender, today reported a 68.11 per cent rise in its consolidated net profit to ...

external commercial borrowings (ecb) by indian companies have risen for the first time since september 2008, when the global ...

large indian banks and financial institutions such as state bank of india (sbi), life insurance corporation (lic), general ...

public sector bank of baroda is planning to foray into private equity (pe), according to sources. sources told business standard ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) plans to launch an outreach programme across the country to evolve a workable model for banking ...

sumitomo trust and banking co will acquire nikko asset management, the japanese asset management arm of citigroup, for about ...

state-run uco bank today posted a net profit of 34.03 per cent in the first quarter of 2009-10 touching rs 178.85 crore as ...

the indian rupee today declined by 28 paise to a one-week low against the $ in early trade on month-end dollar demand from ...

axis bank may come out with a global depositary receipt (gdr) issue in the next two months. but the plan is still at the ...

national housing bank (nhb) is scouting for international investors to set up its mortgage guarantee company. the company was ...

the yen and the dollar rose as asian stocks declined and economists said a report will show orders for us durable goods fell last ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is likely to relax the cap on distribution cost of unit-linked ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is planning to join hands with the ministry of consumer affairs to ...

punjab national bank, the country s second-largest bank, has reported a 62.38 per cent rise in net profit at rs 832.04 ...

belying pronouncements of a turnaround, bank credit shrunk by rs 21,186 crore during the fortnight ended july 17 as companies ...

the entity, which has acquired many businesses of failed lehman brothers, incurred a loss of 76.59 billion yen in the same period ...

the country s second-largest public sector lender, punjab national bank (pnb), is aiming to earn a net profit of about rs 3,700 ...

hefty increase in treasury income helped the country s second-largest psu lender, punjab national bank (pnb), to post a 62.39 per ...

the country s largest insurer life insurance corporation (lic) of india has increased its market share to 62 per cent among life ...

the indian rupee today fell by 21 paise against the $ in early trade due to strong demand for the us currency from refiners and ...

american international group inc, the insurer dismantling itself to repay us loans, used $2.4 billion from asset sales to shore ...

karur vysya bank ltd (kvb) has reported a over two-fold increase in net profit for the june 2009 quarter at rs 70.35 crore as ...

kotak mahindra bank has posted 71.7 per cent growth in its consolidated net profit at rs 257.28 crore for the first quarter ended ...

l t finance ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of larsen and toubro, has decided to issue non-convertible debentures (ncds) to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said prospects of an economic recovery in the middle of the financial year had improved, ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned rs 793.85 crore to implement various projects in ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today raised the estimate of deposit growth for commercial banks to 19 per cent for the current ...

bankers today said that there was limited scope for reducing lending rates in the immediate future and the benefits of lower ...

the reserve bank of india today said that higher bond yields, the result of higher government borrowings, had militated against ...

private sector lender karur vysya bank has reported a two-fold jump in its net profit at rs 70.35 crore for the first quarter ...

insurer american international group inc (aig) today said that it closed the sale of its life insurance premium finance business ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned rs 127 crore and rs 245 crore for punjab and haryana, ...

aegon religare life insurance, today said that its promoters have infused an additional rs 45 crore into the capital base of the ...

dashing hopes of further interest rate cuts in home, consumer and auto loans by lenders, the reserve bank today kept the key ...

german financial services major deutsche bank today reported a 67 per cent jump in net income to euro 1.1 billion (rs 7,566 ...

magma fincorp today entered into a joint venture agreement with german insurer hdi gerling international holding ag (hdi) for ...

a fire broke out today in the old building of the reserve bank of india (rbi) in south mumbai which was later doused off, fire ...

icici bank is betting on infrastructure finance and mortgage lending to deploy surplus cash, according to sonjoy chatterjee, ...

despite the weak monsoons, the indian economy is expected to grow faster than earlier estimates, a survey of professional ...

in its pre-monetary policy review, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has indicated that inflation will harden by the end of the ...

icici bank s rather subdued numbers for the june 2009 quarter suggest that it could take a while to get back on track. core ...

a sharp decrease in lending by private and foreign banks has pulled down the year-on-year (y-o-y) growth in credit by all ...

the flow of resources to the commercial sector fell by 43 per cent to rs 90,666 crore during the first quarter of the current ...

mahindra and mahindra financial services, the non-banking finance company and a part of the mahindra group, reported a 52.48 per ...

srei infrastructure finance has posted a consolidated profit-after-tax (pat) of rs 38.91 crore for the first quarter of the ...

its total income rose 24.4 per cent to rs 4,735.15 crore, while net interest income increased 14 per cent to rs 1,204.70 crore, ...

the total advances of national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard), the central refinance agency, is likely to ...

gross tax revenue is budgeted to decline to 10.9 per cent of gdp this fiscal from 11.8 per cent in fy09, the reserve bank of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today revised its economic growth forecast to 6.5 per cent for this fiscal, saying the situation ...

industry body assocham today asked the reserve bank to roll out measures for strengthening the debt market in its upcoming ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned rs 135.20 crore to the himachal pradesh government, ...

total income rose by 24.24 per cent to rs 3,196.06 crore during the first quarter, central bank of india said in a filing to the ...

the dubai international financial centre would hold two international conferences in india focussing on banking, finance ...

the indian rupee appreciated by 11 paise against the dollar in early trade today on expectations of capital inflows as the stock ...

life insurance major lic has marginally decreased its holdings in a few sensex companies where it holds more than 10 per cent ...

andhra bank posted an increase of 230 per cent in net profit at rs 256.22 crore for the quarter ended june 30, 2009, over rs ...

citigroup has named three new directors, raising the total board strength to 17, and has also announced other governance actions ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), has told the government that it would earn a minimum profit of rs 11,000 ...

gold prices are likely surge to a level of $970 an ounce this week in international markets on softening dollar but analysts said ...

its gross non performing assets jumped to 10.86 per cent (rs 363.95 crore) from 2.74 per cent (114.77 crore).meanwhile, the ...

bangalore-based public sector lender, vijaya bank, today returned to black and posted a net profit of rs 143.3 crore for the ...

icici bank was twice issued letter of warning or advisory note in the last two years for violating the reserve bank of india ...

state bank of india (sbi), india s largest bank, will reduce interest rates on term deposits across various maturities by ...

the pension fund regulatory and development authority (pfrda) is planning to implement the second level of the new pension scheme ...

uco bank aims to double its business in gujarat over the next two years. the public sector bank is also setting up its corporate ...

india s forex reserves rose by $2.270 billion to $266.187 billion for the week ended july 17 compared to the week-ago period.

banking behemoth citigroup may name mortgage lender fannie mae s diana taylor as a director while revamping its board, says a ...

bank of baroda (bob) today said it will raise rs 3,500 crore by various debt instruments during the current financial year to ...

public sector behemoth state bank of india (sbi) today slashed its deposit rates across certain maturities above six months by ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today said it is likely to finalise mergers and acquisitions (m a) ...

despite the global economic slowdown, state bank of india (canada), a subsidiary of sbi, saw an overall business growth of 22 per ...

icici bank was twice issued letter of warning or advisory note in last two years for violating reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

the indian rupee strengthened by 5 paise at 48.39 in opening trade today as strong rally in the stock markets raised hopes of ...

uti asset management company today said that it has set up a $500 million (around rs 2,500 crore) infrastructure-focused private ...

the ability to manage fiscal deficit will be the government s biggest challenge in 2010, according to rating agency ...

birla sun life mutual fund expects to see a 40 per cent increase in its assets under management (aum) in the current financial ...

aided by a robust growth in treasury, foreign exchange income and recoveries, union bank of india reported a growth of 93.86 per ...

sequoia capital, a leading venture capital firm, invested rs 40 crore in just dial, a local telephone and web search company. ...

the comptroller and auditor general of india (cagi) has said that lack of co-ordination between the agencies and not fund was ...

anand sharma (not his real name) is a practiced hand at online shopping. but even he does not know that from august 1 he will not ...

swiss banking major credit suisse today reported 29.75 per cent growth in net income at 1.57 billion swiss francs for the second ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to keep interest rates unchanged in its quarterly monetary policy as there is little ...

surplus liquidity in the banking system and low demand for credit might prompt the reserve bank of india (rbi) to maintain a ...

the indian rupee appreciated by 15 paise at 48.37 in early trade today on increased $ sales by exporters amid expectations of ...

boc hong kong holdings ltd and 15 other banks agreed to pay at least 60 cents on the dollar to investors in notes linked to ...

share microfin, the first microfinance institution (mfi) to obtain a non-banking finance company (non-deposit) licence in the ...

the housing development finance company (hdfc) stock slipped around 4.5 per cent on wednesday to rs 2,410 after the home loan ...

bangalore-based public sector lender canara bank today reported a 4.5-time growth in its net profit at rs 555 crore for the first ...

private sector housing development finance corporation (hdfc) has posted a 20.68 per cent growth in net profit at rs 564.92 crore ...

unit-linked insurance plans (ulips) are set to become more attractive for retail investors as the regulator today capped the ...

at the bank of america corp office in washington, employees are fielding as many as 10 calls a day from capitol hill, up from ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today extended till september 30 a facility, announced in the second stimulus package early this ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today allowed the foreign companies to raise money from the indian stock markets through indian ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today put a cap on overall charges that life insurance companies can levy ...

uk financial regulator financial services authority (fsa) has fined three group companies of banking major hsbc to the tune of ...

the public sector andhra bank proposed to add 500 more branches in the next four years to increase its total branch network to ...

the indian rupee appreciated by 13 paise at 48.29 in early trade today on expectations of capital inflows by funds as market may ...

morgan stanley india primary dealer pvt ltd, which commenced operations early this week, aims to be among the top five bond ...

investment banks (i-banks) are back in business after an year-and-a-half of quiet run. and many have started hiring again, which ...

bank of baroda has set a target to sanction rs 3,095 crore to small and medium enterprises (smes) in gujarat by march 2010 ...

the world bank had sanctioned rs 1,852.74 crore to the tamil nadu government for carrying out various social projects in the ...

despite a rise in non-performing assets (npas), two private sector lenders yes bank and ing vysya managed to ...

shortage of equity and long-term funds continue to halt the growth of small and medium enterprises in the country, rerserve bank ...

many private equity companies are interested in acquiring the management of bank of america merrill lynch s asian real-estate ...

ing vysya bank, the bangalore-based private sector lender, today reported a rise of 48 per cent in its net profit at rs 60.3 ...

the indian rupee today dropped by 22 paise against the dollar in line with the fall in local stock markets, on the back of ...

the penetration of general insurance in the country continues to remain low despite the industry recording an impressive growth ...

private sector lender lakshmi vilas bank (lvb) has tied-up with mumbai-based wireless transaction platform provider paymate india ...

to keep interest rates at a record low, ben s bernanke may have to show congress and investors he can be as creative about ...

for the first time in nearly a decade, nationalised banks have managed to grab 50 per cent share of the loans extended during the ...

helped by a healthy growth in fee-based income and income from infrastructure loans, infrastructure development finance company ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), on monday said its provisions on bad loans were adequate, but the ...

for the first time during the past six months, hdfc bank, the country s second largest private sector lender, has cut its ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), today said its provisions on bad loans are adequate but the cover may be ...

the country s second largest private sector lender hdfc bank today slashed benchmark lending rate by 25 basis points to 15.75 per ...

indian rupee turned stronger by 32 paisa after a two-day losing streak and hit a two-week high of 48.40 against the greenback in ...

the indian rupee strengthened by 22 paise at 48.50 in opening trade today on expectations of increased foreign fund inflows as ...

state bank of mysore (sbm) on saturday said its net profit jumped five-fold at rs 82.19 crore for the quarter ended june 30, ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh) witnessed a 97.49 per cent increase in net profit to rs 110.24 crore for the first quarter ended ...

public sector lender corporation bank has decided to foray into the non-life insurance business and has initiated talks with a ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has recommended the minimum paid-up capital for third party ...

state bank of mysore (sbm), the bangalore-based associate bank of the state bank of india, reported around six-fold rise in its ...

kolkata-based allahabad bank has posted a 224 per cent increase in net profit for the quarter ended june 2009 to rs 302.86 crore ...

rbi has issued fresh directions to banks to streamline procedures for reimbursements to customers in case of faulty atm ...

banks lowered their exposure to mutual funds (mfs) by 27 per cent, or rs 33,705 crore, during the fortnight ended july 3 to avoid ...

citicorp has managed to pare net credit losses (ncl) from its indian consumer credit business, comprising cards and consumer ...

even as former reserve bank of india (rbi) governor c ranngarajan said the huge borrowing plan of the government might push up ...

the export-import bank (exim bank) of the us is bullish about financing some big ticket infrastructure projects especially in the ...

india s foreign exchange reserves declined by $560 million to $263.92 billion during the week-ended july 10, 2009 mainly ...

ahead of the quarterly review of its annual monetary policy, the reserve bank today said that it would ensure a benign and stable ...

the indian rupee turned weak after a promising start and ruled steady against the us dollar in the morning trade today amid mild ...

the indian rupee appreciated marginally by 7 paise at 48.59 in opening trade today on expectations of more capital inflows by ...

the central information commission (cic) has directed the reserve bank of india (rbi) to clarify if it has issued any instruction ...

the ratio of volatile capital flows, comprising cumulative portfolio investments and short-term debt, to india s forex ...

the indian insurance industry is likely to pump in around $25-30 billion (around rs 1.25-1.75 lakh crore) in the country s ...

rating agency crisil has lowered its outlook on two bonds of private sector lender icici bank to negative from stable, while ...

bank of america corp, the biggest us lender, said second-quarter profit declined and the company set aside more money for losses ...

former rbi deputy governor s s tarapore said bank should stop lending at below prime rates as such practices are faulty and lead ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has increased the share of foreign exchange reserves invested in overseas bonds even as the ...

state-owned punjab national bank (pnb) today said the government s plan to borrow over rs 4 lakh crore to fund its fiscal deficit ...

the ratio of volatile capital flows, consisting of cumulative portfolio investments and short-term debt, to ...

former reserve bank deputy governor, s s tarapore, today said that the apex bank should not cut its repo and cash reserve ratio ...

reserve bank s proposal to allow trading in bonds principal and interest components separately may evoke little response from ...

the indian rupee appreciated by 12 paise at 48.51 against the us dollar in early trade today, extending yesterday s gains, ...

public sector bank employees have called for a two-day strike on august 6 and 7. the decision was taken in the backdrop of failed ...

the bank posted a 55.64 per cent growth in its bottom line at rs 60.11 crore for the june quarter as against rs 38.62 crore in ...

bajaj finserv, the financial services arm of the bajaj group, posted a net profit of rs 42 crore for the quarter ended june 30, ...

bajaj auto finance, the captive non-banking finance company (nbfc) of bajaj auto, saw its net profit jump five-fold to rs 15.21 ...

companies that are operating in the two major industrial towns of coimbatore and tirupur in south tamil nadu owe a whopping rs ...

pj nayak, the former chairman and ceo of axis bank, has joined private equity (pe) firm advent international. he will advise the ...

during the period, the number of deals also fell from 67 to 27, a study released by venture intelligence and global-india venture ...

norwest venture partners (nvp), a global venture capital firm, has bought an 8 per cent stake in shriram city union finance for ...

according to the latest data compiled by the reserve bank of india (rbi), bank credit stood at rs 27,98,747 crore on july 3, 2009 ...

kerala-based south indian bank (sib) has registered 55.64 per cent growth in net profit at rs 60.11 crore for the first quarter ...

barclays global retail and commercial bank (grcb) india has enhanced its online banking service , with national ...

the indian rupee advanced by another 26 paise to 48.70 against the greenback in the morning trade today in tandem with rise in ...

the indian rupee appreciated by 22 paise at 48.74 in early trade today, extending gains on increased dollar sales by exporters ...

private equity (pe) investment into the country s healthcare and life sciences (hls) sector dropped by 75 per cent and 40 ...

since september 2008, nexus india capital has made four investments from its $200-million second fund. it is working on three ...

rabo equity advisors will float a second private equity fund focusing on the food and agribusiness sector in india in the second ...

in what can be seen as an expression of growing confidence, venture capital (vc) funds are now coming forward to support and fund ...

two indian venture capital firms anil ambani group s reliance technology ventures and nexus india capital ...

we have made a request for tier-i capital worth rs 500 crore to the government. it has given us an in-principle approval. ...

in spite of lower than expected rainfall, national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) is hopeful of disbursing ...

balachandran m, director of the institute of banking personnel selection (ibps), has little time to catch his breath. he and his ...

aided by strong gains in fee and trading income, india s second largest private sector lender hdfc bank reported a 30 per ...

hpcl-mittal energy limited (hmel) has paid rs 60 crore to insure its planned refinery in bathinda in punjab against risks during ...

internal audits have forced insurance companies to ask for higher premium after issuing policies, leading to an increase in ...

the global economic recession notwithstanding, mangalore-based karnataka bank is aiming at a turnover of rs 39,000 crore for the ...

public sector bank state bank of bikaner jaipur (sbbj) today said its net profit for the quarter ended june 30, 2009, ...

encouraged by the surge in mobile phone users, banks are exploring the feasibility of using mobile phones for delivering ...

after seeing strong inflows during the last two months, mutual funds lost favour with investors, who pulled out close to rs ...

the indian rupee today surged by another 32 paise to 48.76 against the greenback in morning trade in tandem with a strong rally ...

the indian rupee today appreciated by 26 paise to quote at 48.82 against the us dollar in early trade on expectations of ...

issuances of one-year certificates of deposit (cds) continued to rise as banks were keen on raising funds through these papers ...

to reach out to the people in the unbanked rural areas of the state, the state bank of india (sbi), the largest public sector ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, expects a marginal growth in credit offtake in the april -june ...

the board of india infrastructure finance company ltd (iifcl) is meeting tomorrow to look at ways to create demand for the rs ...

the state annual credit plan (acp) for 2009-10 has been approved by the state level bankers committee (slbc). the acp ...

axis bank, india s third largest private sector lender, saw its net profit jump 70 per cent in the quarter ended june 2009 ...

a day after union finance minister pranab mukherjee said the government s huge borrowing programme would not push up ...

the iffco-tokio general insurance company has introduced barsha bima yojana (bby), a weather insurance policy, for the orissa ...

as it shifts gears from an aggressive growth phase to a period of consolidation, icici bank has set up a new commercial banking ...

india inc raised over rs 1.74 lakh crore through the issue of corporate bonds on a private placement basis in fy09, driven by ...

state bank of india (sbi) chairman o p bhatt today said interest rates could go up by by 100 basis points if liquidity conditions ...

an idbi bank-led consortium will fund the $2.64-billion loan for reliance power s krishnapatanam ultra mega power project, a ...

the indian rupee today lost 35 paise at 49.35 against the us dollar in the morning trade on dollar buying by banks and sustained ...

the indian rupee today turned weak and lost 11 paise to hit two-month lows of 49.11 against the us dollar in early trade on ...

kerala-headquartered south indian bank would soon offer online trading services. for this, the bank is in talks with geojit ...

the delayed southwest monsoon appears to have picked up momentum in several parts of the country, with as many as 21 ...

a recent attempt by fraudsters who created a fake website of the indian banks association (iba), triggering panic among ...

city-based kanakamahalakshmi cooperative bank limited is targeting to achieve deposits of rs 100 crore and advances of rs 70 ...

the rivalry between the country s largest and second largest private sector bank has become bitter. stung by the comments of ...

in what could have been an impact of economic slowdown, the payments made through credit card declined about 15 per cent in the ...

british entity lloyds banking group will write off as much as 13 billion pounds on its loan to commercial property, businesses ...

the country s oldest financial institution, ifci, today said the institution is not aspiring to be like its high-profile peer ...

with subdued credit offtake, banks are grappling with the challenge to park funds raised through deposits. their investments in ...

state-run idbi bank expects interest rates, both on deposits and advances, to increase from the third quarter of the current ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said the ceiling for issuing bonds under the market stabilisation scheme (mss) for 2009-10 ...

in its efforts to manage liquidity, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has set a cap of rs 50,000 crore for managing liquidity ...

india s foreign exchange reserves declined by a marginal $107 million for the week ended july 3 to $264.477 billion as compared ...

insurance giant aig is to pay millions of dollars more in executive bonuses, despite a firestorm earlier this year over the ...

state-run idbi bank expects interest rates, both on deposits and advances, to increase from the third quarter of the present ...

public lender andhra bank has set a casa target of 35 per cent for the next fiscal from the present 31 per cent. to facilitate ...

the indian rupee appreciated by 9 paise at 48.61 in early trade today on increased dollar sales by exporters amid expectations of ...

never let it be said that the justice department can t move quickly when it gets a hot tip about an alleged crime at a wall ...

the comptroller and auditor general (cag) of india has pulled up four state-run general insurance companies for faults that ...

lending by public sector banks (psbs) to minority communities increased 39.6 per cent to rs 82,864 crore at the end of march 2009 ...

andhra bank on thursday said that it will open specialised personal credit branches in each zone of the city. to meet the loan ...

life insurance companies have put their plans to list their shares on the stock exchanges on the backburner, though they are ...

issuances of one-year certificates of deposit (cds) rose today as banks were keen on raising funds for such tenure on views that ...

the asian development bank (adb) has reduced the discount (rebate) rate for term loans linked to london inter-bank offered rate ...

far from being insulated from the economic mainstream as traditionally thought, microfinance too faces a fall in growth and fund ...

the government today said it is not planning to privately place gilts with the reserve bank of india (rbi) as of now despite the ...

troubled insurance firm aig has re-initiated talks with its rival metlife for the sale of american life insurance firm alico, in ...

m n rao, sbi s chief general manager (bhubhaneshwar circle), is likely to be appointed as the new managing director and chief ...

the indian rupee today eased by nine paise to a seven-week low of 48.97 against the $ in early trade on expectations of higher ...

rates on short-term money market instruments rose by 10 basis points today because mutual funds continued to stay away on ...

after the securities exchange board of india (sebi) scrapped the entry load for mutual funds, the insurance regulatory and ...

the sell-off in banking stocks after the budget announcement was only logical higher government borrowings are expected ...

the yen rose to a six-week high against the euro and the dollar as stocks fell and japanese machinery orders unexpectedly ...

shailendra bhandari, former managing director and ceo of erstwhile centurion bank of punjab, is likely to be appointed as the new ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) is of the view that disclosure requirements for securitisation transactions ...

indusind bank, a private sector new-age lender, reported a more than four-fold increase in net profit to rs 86.5 crore ...

the government has set aside rs 1,542 crore for acquiring the reserve bank of india s holding in the two regulators ...

national housing bank (nhb) plans to set up a mortgage guarantee company by march, executive director r v verma said today. nhb, ...

when it comes to attracting investments, tripura, one of the seven sisters of north-east and also the most geographically ...

in a move to churn its asset portfolio and earn fee-based income, idbi bank has securitised the retail loans of tata motors ...

saudi arabia-based investment company excab international holding company for trading development (exsab) is planning to invest ...

state bank of india (sbi) has got first-stage approval from insurance regulator insurance regulatory and development authority ...

the indian rupee today virtually touched the crucial 49 level before ending at a seven-week low of 48.88 89 against the us ...

the proposed indian mortgage guarantee company, in which national housing bank (nhb) will have a majority stake, is expected to ...

various banks of both co-operative and nationalized banks in the district have, so far, released rs 433 crore as crop loan to ...

the indian rupee today depreciated by 34 paise to hit two-week low against the us dollar in early trade largely in line with ...

the union budget for 2009-10 is non-committal on the issue of disinvestment of the public sector undertakings (psus) in the ...

private equity (pe) and venture capital (vc) firms which have been using the trust route as vehicle for funds to pass through the ...

at a time when raising funds is a concern for private equity (pe) players globally, sponsor commitments are increasingly gaining ...

sources close to the development told business standard that the state-owned insurer would invest about rs 20,000 crore in mfs ...

uti ventures, the venture capital (vc) arm of uti asset management company (amc), is raising a rs 1,500 to rs 2,000-crore ($350 ...

given the heavy debt burden and fiscal deficit projected at 6.8 per cent of gross domestic product (gdp), the rating agencies ...

the government has permitted scheduled banks, including state-owned ones, to issue zero-coupon bonds to meet ...

concerned over rising slippages in the industry, bankers today sought an extension of loan restructuring facility and said more ...

icici lombard general insurance, today said it offers customised weather-based crop insurance to help farmers cover losses caused ...

bank of maharashtra (bom), today said that it has reduced its benchmark prime lending rate (plr) by 0.25 per cent to 12.25 per ...

the indian rupee appreciated by 15 paise against the $ in early trade today on expectations of capital inflows after firm ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee presented the broad contours of the government s strategy for banks. though the statement ...

the government today positioned india infrastructure finance company ltd (iifcl) as the focal point for lending to the core ...

the new pension scheme (nps) is unlikely to see a sharp improvement in inflows in the coming months, though the transaction cost ...

the finance minister (fm) has done a good job to maintain an aggregate demand in a recessionary situation by increasing rural ...

some of the positives that we can pick up from the budget includes abolition of fringe benefit tax (fbt) and commodity ...

the key theme for the union budget is clearly sustainable growth. the budget provides significant direction towards ...

a finance minister in any country across the world needs to reconcile the variable demands of vested interests. presenting a ...

the union budget for the current fiscal year is a pragmatic and honest budget. the increased allocation to physical ...

there is no quick solution to india s challenges and, as finance minister pranab mukherjee said, one budget would not do ...

while no finance minister can propose a please all budget, the current proposals have a mix of good and bad. the ...

the financial sector in the words of the finance minister is the lifeblood of any economy . the budget has put more ...

i welcome this pro-growth and inclusive budget as an important milestone in restoring india on the 9 per cent growth path over ...

bangalore-based vijaya bank is planning to raise rs 700 crore through perpetual non- cumulative preference(pncp) route to support ...

the indian rupee today depreciated by 6 paise against the $ in early trade on increased demand for the american currency from ...

chancellor of the exchequer alistairdarling said the uk needs a new banking system to stop financial institutions behaving in a ...

the general insurance joint venture would have an initial capital of rs 150 crore, said s k goel, chairman and managing director, ...

a us government body created to restore confidence of the public in the country s banking system feels that indian lender ...

a day before budget, uk-based insurance firm aviva today said it is keen on raising fdi to 49 per cent in the indian venture ...

with the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) abolishing the entry load on mutual funds, sector experts believe ...

kerala-based private sector south indian bank is targeting business worth rs 75,000 crore by 2013, driven by branch expansion and ...

dewan housing finance company s (dhfl) recently concluded rs 225-crore qualified institutional placement (qip) saw south ...

bank unions have deferred their nation-wide strike called to protest the proposed merger of state bank of indore with state bank ...

the july 6 strike called by the all india bank employees association at the five subsidiary banks of state bank of india ...

owing to revaluation of currencies, india s foreign exchange reserves went up by $932 million to $264.58 billion during the ...

public sector uco bank would invest rs 45 crore in its general insurance company, which would be operational by march next year, ...

uco bank today said it will tie up with domestic and foreign entities to float a general insurance company, in which the ...

inflationary pressures bottomed out in february, but have been picking up since then on a sequential basis, a hdfc bank report ...

according to an sib release today, interest on nre deposits of one year to less than two years and two years to less than ...

the indian rupee today lost 18 paise against the $ in early trade on strong demand for the greenback from importers amid the us ...

bajaj allianz, a leading insurer offering general and life insurance products, has made strategic investment of rs 50 crore in ...

mutual funds purchased short-term money market instruments today on view that rates could fall next week in the wake of ...

issuances of short-term money market instruments rose today because mutual funds the key investors stepped up ...

one year after the insurance regulatory and development authority s (irda) allowed insurance companies to invest in venture ...

china, the largest holder of foreign currency reserves, renewed its call for a stable dollar and damped speculation that the ...

bank of baroda (bob) would open five new branches in uganda, trinidad and malasiya during 2009-10, a top bank s official ...

bank of baroda (bob) today said it will open five more branches abroad this financial year and will recruit about 3,000 people in ...

cooperative banks which were brought under the tax net in 2006 have demanded restoration of income tax exemption arguing retained ...

public sector lender, andhra bank, is eyeing a total business of rs 1.3 lakh-crore during this fiscal, a senior bank official ...

private sector lender, yes bank, plans to raise around rs 500 crore by september as tier-ii capital and around $200 million in ...

the reserve bank today said the country s wholesale price-based inflation (wpi) and industrial production data (iip) should be ...

the indian rupee today appreciated by 15 paise against the dollar in early trade on weakness in the greenback against major asian ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has barred insurance companies from investing in indian depository ...

as part of an exercise to rationalise costs, icici bank, the country s largest private sector lender, plans to set up a ...

the international monetary fund (imf) s board of directors plans to approve authorisation to issue as much as $150 billion ...

credit offtake by banks picked up for the second fortnight in a row, rising by rs 13,005 crore in the first half of june. during ...

kumbakonam-based city union bank (cub) is planning to raise rs 300 crore through the qualified institutional placement (qip) ...

global banking majors standard chartered and anz are in advance talks to acquire separate parts of troubled royal bank of ...

indian bank has hiked interest rates on fcnr (b) and nre deposits with effect from july 1, 2009. for fcnr (b) deposits, in ...

icici prudential life insurance company, a joint venture between icici bank and prudential plc, has launched lifestage ...

the indian rupee today depreciated by 20 paise against the $ in early trade on increased demand for the us currency from ...

the current account balance saw this turnaround after two years. during the january-march 2007 current account increased by $ 4.2 ...

india s external debt rose about 2.4 per cent to $229.9 billion at the end of march 2009 from $224.57 billion a year ago ...

hyderabad-based financial services provider karvy group on tuesday announced the regrouping of its advisory services primarily to ...

hsbc s bottomline stood at rs 1,291 crore for 2008-09 as compared to rs 1,192 crore in the previous year, while deutsche ...

the government is considering a proposal to extend the benefit of tax pass-through to domestic venture capital (vc) funds on ...

public sector lender, corporation bank, is planning to raise rs 1,000 crore capital through bond issuances in the current ...

india s rupee rose, snapping five quarters of losses, as the prime minister s re-election for a second term boosted ...

if you are a citibank credit card holder in bangalore, and use a vodafone mobile phone service on a nokia 6212, you need not ...

britain s state-controlled lloyds banking group said today it would cut 2,100 more jobs over the next three years as the ...

corporation bank is expecting a lower credit growth of 20 per cent during the current financial year, bank s chairman and ...

while sbi easy home is for loans up to rs 30-lakh, sbi advantage home is for home buyers in the premium segment above rs 30-lakh, ...

country s second-largest public sector lender punjab national bank (pnb) today said it has appointed s ranganathan as the ...

syndicate bank has revised the rate of interest on domestic deposits of less than rs 1 crore with effect from june 24, a release ...

private sector lender dhanalakshmi bank today said it has reduced interest on its deposits by up to 1 per cent across various ...

state bank of hyderabad has reduced benchmark prime lending rate by 50 basis points from 12.75 per cent to 12.25 per cent.

the indian rupee today appreciated by 23 paise to a two-week high against the $ in early trade on expectations of increased ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked all primary urban cooperative banks (ucbs) in the country to ensure more than the ...

private lender bank of rajasthan (bor) plans to raise up to rs 250 crore by issuing equity shares at a premium to institutional ...

public sector uco bank is considering a follow-on public offer (fpo) that will result in government holding in the bank falling ...

public sector lender, uco bank, is mulling a follow-on public offer (fpo), which will reduce government holding in the bank from ...

state bank of india (sbi) today said that it will launch a dealers accounts drive from july 1, lasting over the next six ...

kolkata-based uco bank is planning to cut interest rate on deposits by 50-100 basis points across different maturities by next ...

the decrease in bplr will be applicable to all outstanding and fresh credit facilities linked with bplr, the bank said in a ...

the shareholders of manipal-headquartered public sector lender, syndicate bank, have elected three new directors to the board of ...

in the wake of the deterioration in the overall economic climate, most public sector banks missed the target on gross ...

like its erstwhile peers icici and idbi, the country s oldest financial institution, ifci, is keen to enter the banking ...

five us banks with total assets of about $1.04 billion were seized by regulators, pushing this year s tally of failures to ...

public sector oriental bank of commerce plans to open 113 branches across tier-ii and tier-iii cities in the current financial ...

the country s foreign exchange reserves increased by $8 million to $263.65 billion during the week ended june 19, 2009, ...

with credit off-take at an all-time low, banks are staying invested in liquid mutual fund instruments even as the quarter draws ...

the huge difference between consumer price index (cpi) and wholesale price index (wpi) confronts banks while reducing deposit ...

state bank of india, the country s largest lender, plans to beef up its international business by increasing the share of ...

karur vysya bank (kvb) is planning to raise around rs 500 crore by way of qualified institutional placement (qip). the proposed ...

india s forex reserves rose by $8 million to $263.652 billion for the week ended june 19 as compared to $263.644 billion in the ...

swiss banking major ubs is looking to raise 3.8 billion swiss francs (about $3.5 billion) through issue of fresh shares and has ...

max india today said its life insurance venture -- max new york life insurance -- would invest rs 700 crore in this fiscal for ...

public sector lender sbi s associate bank, state bank of mysore today slashed its lending rate by 50 basis points to 12.25 per ...

public sector oriental bank of commerce (obc) plans to open 113 branches across tier ii and tier iii cities in the current fiscal ...

public sector banks have been authorised to give more relief to farmers under the debt relief scheme, provided the lenders do not ...

the indian rupee today appreciated by 11 paise against the us currency in early trade on capital inflows by foreign funds on ...

the reserve bank of india may tighten prudential norms for banks to provide a cushion for financial soundness when the economy ...

mutual funds (mfs) stepped up purchases of one-year certificates of deposit (cds) today due to inflows in their liquid plus ...

rbi governor d subbarao will release the first quarter review of monetary policy 2009-10 on july 28, the central ...

japan bank for international cooperation (jbic), the international wing of the japan finance corporation (jfc), a policy-based ...

aegon religare life insurance is planning to infuse rs 230 crore in the current financial year, taking its total capital base to ...

students from disadvantaged economic backgrounds will no longer face financial problems in pursuit of higher education as the ...

in a relief to farmers who had defaulted on loan repayments, the government and the reserve bank of india (rbi) have allowed ...

after weathering the december quarter, when the liquidity crunch was at its peak, lic housing finance recorded a healthy 37 per ...

life insurers are pitching for increased exemption on investments in long-term policies. they have asked the government to ...

the all india regional rural bank employees association (airrbea) wants the regional rural banks (rrbs) in the country to be ...

public sector bank of baroda is eyeing a total turnover of rs 4.25 lakh crore in the current fiscal, bank s chairman and managing ...

enthused by a massive 54 per cent growth rate in its international loan book, the country s largest lender, state bank of india, ...

keeping in the view of the current interest rate environment, idbi bank has reduced its benchmark prime lending rate (plr) by 25 ...

swiss banking secrecy is still the rule despite international pressure for greater transparency, switzerland s president and ...

d subbarao, governor, reserve bank of india will release the first quarter review of monetary policy 2009-10 on tuesday, ...

the indian rupee today remained steady at 48.57 58 against the us currency in early trade on weakening of dollar in the overseas ...

the all india bank employees association (aibea) along with five other unions would observe a countrywide strike in the ...

the reserve bank of india on wednesday asked all banks and financial institutions to provide customers their credit information, ...

in an effort to prevent fraud in cases involving multiple banking arrangements, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked that ...

state-owned life insurance corporation of india (lic) might buy more government securities (g-secs) in the current financial year ...

buoyed by a rise in profit from treasury operations, citibank on wednesday said the net profit of its indian operations rose ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, today announced a 50 basis point cut in its benchmark prime ...

the pace of sale of non-performing assets (npas) moderated in 2008-09 as asset prices declined in the aftermath of the global ...

public sector allahabad bank does not see much scope for reducing interest rates on deposits as high rates on government s ...

srei equipment finance, the 50 50 joint venture between srei infrastructure finance and bnp paribas, said it would raise up to rs ...

public sector bank of india (boi) plans to raise up to rs 13,006 crore through a mix of instruments such as innovative perpetual ...

state bank of india, the country s largest lender, today announced a 50 basis point reduction in its benchmark prime ...

birla sun life insurance (bsli), today announced the renewal of its bancassurance partnership with development credit bank by ...

all corporate and retail categories borrowers such as msme, agriculture, retail rrade and other sectors, as well as ...

bank of india will raise up to rs 13,006 crore through issuance of innovative perpetual debt instruments, preference shares, tier ...

citibank india today announced that it has reported total revenues of rs 10,423 crores for the year ended march 31, 2009, ...

the country s largest mortgage firm, housing development finance corporation (hdfc), will reduce the lending rates if the ...

we will disburse around rs 23,000 crore this year. so far, we have disbursed rs 3,000 crore, said chairman and ...

at a time when the life insurance market is contracting, life insurance corporation of india (lic), the country s largest ...

renuka ramnath, who quit as the managing director and ceo of icici venture funds, is set to float a private equity (pe) fund. ...

international asset reconstruction co (iarc) is planning to float a rs 500-crore debt fund to purchase non-performing assets ...

insurance behemoth life insurance corporation of india (lic) is planning to acquire more shares in thrissur-based private sector ...

public sector bank of india today said it has reduced interest rates on rupee term deposits by 0.25 per cent to 0.50 per cent ...

the justice department of america may drop the legal case aimed at forcing the swiss bank ubs to divulge the names of 52,000 ...

the indian rupee today lost further ground and was down by 25 paise at 48.85 86 against the $ in early trade on heavy capital ...

ratings agency crisil has revised the rating outlook on the long-term debt instrument of citibank india to stable ...

andhra bank aims to have a pan-india presence by opening about 220 new branches over two years, according to chairman and ...

export-import bank of india has set up a rural technology development fund with an initial corpus of rs 1 crore to assist rural ...

future generali india life insurance company, a joint venture between kishore biyani-led future group and generali group of ...

the united bank of india (ubi) will come out with an initial public offer (ipo) by december 2009. the bank would raise about rs ...

housing and urban development corporation (hudco) has cut lending rates by up to 1.25 per cent for government funded and private ...

union bank of india today announced a 25-basis-point reduction in its benchmark prime lending rate (bplr), while united bank of ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) proposes to make a tie-up between a life insurance and a general or ...

non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) have stepped up their borrowings through commercial papers (cps) and non-convertible ...

ifci, the erstwhile development financial institution that has turned into a non-banking finance company, is exploring options to ...

public sector lender union bank of india today said it has cut its benchmark prime lending rate (plr) by 0.25 per cent to 11.75 ...

state-run lender andhra bank today launched a major brand-building initiative by unveiling a new mascot and also a new corporate ...

private sector lender uco bank, which plans to foray into the general insurance business, is expected to finalise its joint ...

the indian rupee fell by 30 paise to 48.38 against the us currency in morning trade on fresh dollar demand from importers, ...

the yield on government bonds may firm up, with plenty of paper coming into the market as state and central governments plan to ...

the country s two largest private sector lenders icici bank and hdfc bank have modified, albeit in ...

to promote long-term investment and increase penetration of life insurance cover in the country, the insurers today demanded that ...

leaders of the european union (eu) agreed to their most sweeping overhaul of financial regulation, sharpening scrutiny of banks ...

despite us president barack obama s initiative on giving more regulatory powers to the federal reserve facing congressional ...

the all india state bank officers federation has said merger and consolidation of public sector banks would harm the expansion of ...

leading banks along with the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) and the uttarakhand government are ...

private sector lender yes bank on friday said it would recruit 900 people, including 500 specialists, in nine months to drive ...

private sector lender bank of rajasthan (bor) has entered into an alliance with karvy stock broking (ksbl) to provide its ...

the asset-liability committee of uco bank has proposed a 50 basis points (bps) reduction in its benchmark prime lending rate ...

foreign exchange reserves rose by $2.43 billion to $263.64 billion in the week ended june 12 mainly due to the revaluation of the ...

private sector lender development credit bank (dcb) today said its losses rose 12-fold to rs 91.3 crore during the quarter-ended ...

buoyed by the success of the merger of state bank of saurashtra with itself, state bank of india (sbi), the country s ...

sameer nath, head of mergers and acquisitions (m a) for citi group global markets india, has been busy working on domestic ...

snapping its one-week losing streak, the indian rupee gained by 11 paise to 48.08 09 against $ on expectations of fresh capital ...

as liquidity eases and inflation turns negative, dewan housing finance corporation today said it expects home loan rates to come ...

eyeing growth of at least 40 per cent in loans in the current financial year, yes bank today said it would recruit 900 people, ...

the indian rupee gained a marginal three paise in early trade today on capital inflow by foreign funds on expectation that the ...

with the increasingly growing unforeseen incidents overseas, including the outbreak of swine flue, tour and travel operators are ...

close to retirement, vivek daga wanted to move his equity investments to debt. but when he looked at the returns of the funds ...

mutual funds bought longer-tenure certificates of deposit (cds) today eyeing the rise in rates amid supply of such papers from ...

credit suisse group ag, switzerland s biggest bank by market value, may start buying back shares next year, jpmorgan chase ...

the country s financial institutions need more investment and improvement in their anti-money laundering (aml) systems even ...

state-owned union bank of india will cut lending rates by july, its chairman and managing director m v nair said here on ...

india might be able to secure full membership of the financial action task force (fatf), an inter-governmental body formed to ...

the wage revision talks between the united forum of bank unions (ufbu), an umbrella body of bank employees organisations, ...

aided by a strong showing in its non-interest income, dbs bank india recorded an almost four-fold increase in net profit at rs ...

india might be able to secure membership of the financial action task force (fatf) only in 2010, as the scheduled ...

the small industries development bank of india (sidbi) and private infrastructure development firm il fs will impart training ...

in a top-level reshuffle, uco bank s chairman sk goel is set to move to punjab national bank, which is the country s ...

the country s largest private sector housing finance company, hdfc, has reduced its deposit rates by up to 0.25 per cent across ...

evincing interest to participate in india s urban development process, multilateral lending agency world bank has initiated ...

sectoral regulators themselves lack coordination among themselves when it comes to keeping a watch on the activities of ...

bank of america corp (bofa) has made considerable cost savings in asia since its january purchase of merrill lynch ...

uk chancellor of the exchequer alistair darling will say that sharpening the judgment of bank regulators is the way to prevent ...

rates eased by 10-15 basis points on wednesday because mutual funds continued to buy certificates of deposit (cds) on inflows in ...

in order to make banking services more customer-friendly, the reserve bank of india (rbi) wants more and more banks to adopt the ...

although bank credit increased rs 21,460 crore in the fortnight ended june 5, 2009, after falling by rs 16,306 crore in the ...

manipal-headquartered public sector lender, syndicate bank, today said that it has raised rs 200 crore through issue of unsecured ...

the indian rupee depreciated by 12 paise against the dollar in early trade today on increased demand for the dollar from ...

citigroup chief executive officer vikram pandit said his bank will look abroad for growth as the us economy goes through an ...

saraswat cooperative bank, india s largest urban cooperative bank (ucb), is planning two acquisitions to increase its ...

issuances of certificates of deposit (cds) fell sharply on tuesday because banks were not keen on raising funds as most of them ...

with the insurance laws (amendment) bill awaiting parliamentary approval, max india, analjit singh s flagship company, has ...

public sector banks (psbs) with interest in the insurance business are bracing for an increase in the foreign investment ceiling ...

in order to revive the demand in the real estate sector, urban development minister jaipal reddy today favoured cheaper loans for ...

country s largest urban co-operative lender, saraswat bank today said it is in talks with two to three co-operative banks for ...

all india bank employees association (aibea) and all india bank officers association (aiboa) have announced their decision to ...

the country s fourth largest public sector lender, canara bank, today said it is willing to acquire a bank in india to increase ...

bank muscat today said it will sell its remaining holding in india s second largest private sector lender hdfc bank within a ...

the indian rupee depreciated by 21 paise against the $ in early trade today on banks buying the us unit in anticipation of ...

banks have sought relaxation in norms for classifying loans to delayed infrastructure projects as sub-standard assets even as the ...

the central vigilance commission (cvc) has asked public sector banks (psbs) to fix accountability for small loans that turn into ...

all urban cooperative banks (ucbs) will now be permitted to declare dividends on shares without prior approval of the reserve ...

japan s nomura will pay about rs 138 crore ($29 million) to buy 19.3 per cent stake in lic mutual fund as part of a deal to ...

leading private sector life and general insurance company, bajaj allianz life insurance has launched invest plus, which offers ...

lic housing finance today sold 18.3 per cent of stake in lic mutual fund to japanese financial services company, nomura, ...

the indian rupee fell by 26 paise to 47.87 against the greenback in morning trade today in tandem with weak equity market and ...

the indian rupee depreciated by 16 paise against $ in early trade today taking cue from weak asian currencies and expectations of ...

germany has come forward to fund a 15 million euro tripura government project for socio-economic development of tribals and ...

the government is beginning a review of the administered interest rate structure for small savings schemes and plans to set up a ...

three overseas financial giants have evinced interests to pick up 26 per cent stake in uti amc, where four stakeholders including ...

outward remittances towards education and travel have shown sharp rise with more students opting to study overseas and more ...

insurance regulator irda has asked for bringing about level-playing field between unit linked investment products of life ...

the yield on the government bonds is likely to show a hardening trend on apprehensions about the huge borrowing programme of the ...

lauding the government and rbi for saving the day for india with conservative banking norms, icici bank chairman kv kamath today ...

expecting exponential growth in the next five years, private lender yes bank today said it will raise $400 million (about rs ...

nine months after it filed for bankruptcy protection and sold its brokerage to barclays, lehman brothers holdings is still ...

the country s second largest public sector lender, punjab national bank (pnb), today said there would be no drastic reduction in ...

for a tenure of 181 days to less than one year, the rate has been reduced from 6.50 per cent to 6.25 per cent while for one-year ...

india s foreign exchange reserves declined $1.08 billion to $261.21 billion for the week ended june 5, mainly due to ...

rabo india finance, a 100 per cent subsidiary of rabobank international, will take a call on foraying into banking in india by ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has issued guidelines for setting up off-site atms without its permission. for this, banks will ...

federal reserve chairman ben s bernanke s success in stabilising the financial system through unprecedented use of the ...

banks can now open atms with ease, as the reserve bank today authorised them to install these machines at places of their choice, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) sold $2,487 million in april, the first month of 2009-10, to support orderly trading in the ...

iffco tokio general insurance company is planning to introduce a satellite-based weather index for weather insurance by using ...

us foreclosure filings surpassed 300,000 for the third straight month in may and may hit a record 1.8 million by the first half ...

the all-india bank employees association (aibea) on thursday said that it was planning a strike in state bank of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday said it had set up a working group on reworking the benchmark prime lending rate ...

mutual funds preferred to stay on the sidelines due to expectations of redemption pressure from companies ahead of advance tax ...

with banks extending loans to corporates at sub-prime lending rates, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today constituted a working ...

improvement in the investment climate and other factors are likely to help india get back to the growth path, though exports and ...

thailand, vietnam and laos launched a scheme today allowing trucks to drive across the three countries without stopping, in a ...

india s image as a safe investment destination has been further cemented by the post-poll stock market rally and global investors ...

the bank had a net profit of rs 28.19 crore in the march quarter of fy 08, city union bank said in a filing to the bombay stock ...

the indian rupee depreciated by 11 paise against the $ in early trade today tracking weak asian currencies and increased demand ...

public sector bank chiefs said they would consider cutting lending rates over the next month, following their meeting with ...

banc of america securities india pvt ltd (basil) may keep its balance sheet growth plan on hold, pending the finalisation of the ...

favouring consolidation among public sector banks, finance minister pranab mukherjee today reiterated that if bank managements ...

ing groep nv remains committed to its india operations and continues to have long-term business prospects in the country, a ...

andhra bank, the lead bank for ganjam district in south orissa, has prepared the annual credit plan (acp) for 2009-10 with a ...

punjab national bank (pnb), the country s second largest public sector bank aims to reach out to the customers in rural ...

financial services behemoth citigroup has started the conversion of preferred securities worth $58 billion into common shares, a ...

private sector lender yes bank said it will cut its benchmark lending rate by 50 basis points beginning next month, coinciding ...

after merging state bank of saurashtra with itself last year, country s largest lender sbi would now take a call on consolidating ...

barclays bank plc has joined hands with pratham, a leading ngo in the education space, to launch a unique entrepreneurship ...

the indian rupee today opened strong by 21 paise against the dollar on expectations of good capital inflow from foreign funds in ...

with a view to achieve focused growth in jharkhand and bihar, the oriental bank of commerce (obc) will bifurcate the business of ...

the proposed merger of two kerala-based private sector banks, federal bank and catholic syrian bank (csb), has gathered pace ...

the propsed strike on june 12 by public sector bank employees was deferred today after a breakthrough was achieved in the talks ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) plans to raise about rs 350 crore capital to grow and maintain a comfortable capital adequacy ...

the country s largest housing finance company, housing development finance corporation (hdfc), today said it had received ...

issuance of certificates of deposit (cds) rose slightly today because some banks placed cds to refinance some of their papers ...

spandana sphoorty financial limited, a hyderabad-based microfinance institution, has raised rs 80 crore by issuing one-year ...

bharti axa general insurance, has received the regulatory approval for its critical illness insurance policy. the company ...

warren buffett s berkshire hathaway inc doubled its municipal-bond holdings in nine months amid record swings in the value ...

indian banks had good risk-management skills under prudent regulations of the reserve bank of india (rbi), felt steve lindo, ...

the indian rupee today ended higher by seven paise to 47.48 49 per $ on expectations of good capital inflow from foreign funds in ...

banks in punjab have recorded 74 per cent jump in sanctioning of loan amount to industrial units in the month of may this year ...

new-age private sector lender, yes bank has entered into an agreement with finnish firm, lahti science and business park to ...

the indian rupee today continued its south-bound journey and fell by nine paise to 47.64 against the $ in early trade at the ...

central bank of india has put non-performing assets (npas) with a total outstanding amount of rs 102 crore on sale to clean up ...

private sector tamilnad mercantile bank limited is planning to open about 40 branches across the country, including eight in ...

there may be a further rise in corporate loan defaults despite an improving economic environment as some sectors continue to ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india, will double the number of branches for retail sales of gold coins to 1,100 in ...

the brics(brazil, russia, india and china) are buying dollars at the fastest pace since before credit markets froze in september, ...

after the failure of talks with the chief labour commissioner, the indian banks association (iba) has called for a meeting ...

the government s move to recapitalise public sector banks (psbs) has received support from rating agency moody s, ...

private sector lender development credit bank today slashed interest rates on deposits by up to 0.5 per cent across different ...

a high level panel headed by rbi deputy governor usha thorat is interviewing around 50 general managers to select 12-15 executive ...

country s largest lender state bank of india will double the number of branches for retail sales of gold coins to 1,100 in the ...

the indian rupee quoted low by 18 paise against the $ in early trade today following weak asian currencies and selling of the $ ...

noting the benefits banks say they enjoy from seamless working on core banking solutions (cbs), the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

big banks in the us say they re on the mend. the five largest were profitable in the first quarter, rebounding from record ...

bank of america, which has been directed to bolster its capital position following the rigorous tests, has appointed four new ...

british banking giant barclays is finanlising a deal to merge its $1-trillion fund management arm bgi with us-based blackrock, a ...

icici bank today said it will have a strong showing in car, home and corporate loans business in the current fiscal, but its ...

after launching an infrastructure fund in collaboration with macquaire and ifc, state bank of india is in the process of setting ...

union bank of india aims to increase business from alternative channels to 35 per cent by the end of the current financial year ...

the public sector union bank of india today launched a self user creation facility enabling users of the bank s internet ...

amid demand from the industry to cut costs of borrowing, public sector lender indian bank today said a decision to cut both ...

state bank of india(sbi) today said its proposed joint venture with societe generale for custodial services, likely to be ...

the state bank of india is planning to double its branch network in singapore during the current fiscal with an objective to ...

foreseeing indian economy back on a high-growth trajectory in the coming months, icici bank is looking at expanding its ...

the indian rupee strengthened by 14 paise to $47.06 in early trade today. heavy dollar buying in anticipation of heavy capital ...

top executives on the board of the country s largest private sector lender, icici bank, did not receive either performance ...

icici bank, the country s second largest lender, today announced a 50 basis point reduction in its benchmark lending rates, ...

public sector lenders bank of baroda (bob), indian overseas bank (iob) and andhra bank have signed a joint venture agreement for ...

three public sector lenders bank of baroda (bob), indian overseas bank (iob), and andhra bank today entered into ...

the rbi on thursday asked banks to review their loan policy towards micro, small and medium enterprises (msmes), badly hit by the ...

bank employees belonging to nine unions have decided to go ahead with their one-day strike on june 12, after their talks with ...

low disbursements have resulted in a fall in the year-on-year bank credit growth to 15.86 per cent, the lowest level in nearly ...

life insurance corporation (lic) today said it is in talks with japan-based nomura securities to sell stake in the mutual fund ...

amid hopes of an early economic turnaround, the european central bank (ecb) and the bank of england (boe) today left the key ...

sufficient liquidity in the banking system and low inflation have provided headroom for state bank of india (sbi) to cut its ...

the active trader service, an offline trading platform of icici securities was launched here today by the company for the first ...

bank of russia today announced further cut in its key lending rate by 0.5 percentage point to 11.5 per cent, a third cut since ...

banking upon india s economic recovery, state-run union bank of india aims to step up its participation in syndicated loan ...

the revised frr will be 12.75 per cent as against 13.25 per cent at present. all the existing floating rate retail loan customers ...

the indian rupee depreciated by 17 paise to 47.24 against the $ in early trade today as banks bought the currency on behalf of ...

embarking upon this high-tech business model in 2007, the sixth largest public sector bank in india proposes to step up its ...

lic housing finance, india s second largest housing finance company, plans to raise capital by issuing 10 million shares ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic), the country s largest institutional investors, is scanning around 200 companies ...

jpmorgan chase co is disbanding an investment-banking unit that wagers the company s money on hedge funds, leveraged ...

union bank chairman m v nair is tipped to become the chairman of indian banks association (iba). punjab national bank cmd ...

sri lanka may sell its currency should it gain too much as foreign aid and investments flow into the country after the end of a ...

capital flows to india will almost double to $33.9 billion (rs 1,59,003 crore) in the current financial year from an estimated ...

the government should avoid euphoria about india s growth and success and should lace its policies with pragmatism, given ...

moving in tandem with local stocks, the indian rupee today gave up its early gains and ended six paise weaker at 47.08 against ...

bharti axa life insurance, a joint venture between bharti group and paris-based axa group, is targeting rs 1,000-crore revenue ...

private sector lender kotak mahindra bank today said anand mahindra has ceased to be a promoter of the bank but will continue to ...

the indian rupee strengthened by 18 paise a $ at 46.83 -- its seven-month high -- in early trade today, supported by a weak $ ...

bank of america corp, the biggest us lender, has raised almost all of the $33.9 billion demanded by regulators after last ...

helios capital management pte, the hedge-fund manager once backed by tudor investment corp, plans to start a slumdog ...

in order to avoid the financial risk arising out of cancellation of matches, espn india has taken rs 148 crore ($31.5 million) ...

with an aim to provide notes with longer life, the reserve bank of india (rbi) intends to introduce polymer notes in the country. ...

punjab national bank (pnb) chairman and managing director kamlesh chandra chakrabarty is set to take over as deputy governor of ...

the world bank is reported to have expressed satisfaction over the progress of the integrated coastal zone management (iczm) ...

the rajkot chamber of commerce and industry is hosting a seminar on economic growth and regional nonequivalent in the industry on ...

the institute of chartered accountants of india (icai) is planning to come out with insurance-sector-specific accounting ...

japan s nomura group is set to acquire 35 per cent in lic mutual fund, india s seventh largest mutual fund, after the board of ...

financial services firm morgan stanley today said it will raise $2.2 billion through the sale of stocks, as part of its efforts ...

punjab national bank chairman and manging director k c chakrabarty is likely to take over as deputy governor of the reserve bank ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, today said it could raise rs 28,000 crore from bonds to meet regulatory ...

for all the hand-wringing over the dollar s slide, the expanding us deficit and the nation s aaa credit rating, the ...

in order to increase its presence in the insurance segment, financial services provider religare today signed an agreement with ...

pune-based bank of maharashtra is planning to hire 600 people across india during the current financial year for it proposed 100 ...

as part of its expansion plans, the union bank of india will set up 67 new branches across maharashtra during the current ...

the government refrained from increasing its borrowing plan, saying it hasn t yet decided on the borrowing schedule for the ...

when financial stocks slumped in february to the lowest level in at least 17 years, us federal reserve chairman ben s bernanke ...

prudential financial inc., the biggest life insurer approved for u.s. bailout funds, said it will raise $1.25 billion selling ...

spice finance, the financial services arm of the $1.5-billion bk modi group, has entered into a joint venture with ...

punjab national bank (pnb) plans to open 46 new branches in orissa in 2009-10. out of these 46 branches, the bank has got the ...

the change in the fortunes of the stock market has made things easier for brokers, as they would be getting higher discounts on ...

shikha sharma today took charge as the managing director and chief executive officer (md ceo) of india s ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), today said it has increased its stake to 55 per cent in joint venture ...

jammu kashmir bank today reported 32 per cent jump in net profit at rs 78.68 crore for the fourth quarter ended march 31, ...

the government is set to appoint three new chairman and managing directors (cmd) for the various public sector banks in the ...

state-run, dena bank today revised interest rates on foreign currency non-resident (bank) account deposits and non-resident ...

axis bank, a leading private sector bank, plans to raise capital worth rs 3,000 crore in the fy 2009-10 through tier i and ii ...

in a bid to inculcate savings habit among the school children, andhra bank has decided to launch a drive to encourage opening of ...

following the rbi s restriction on banks to issue guarantees for bonds, indian companies which were looking to raise large ...

state-run central bank of india is assessing various options to raise capital, which could include a rights issue, a top bank ...

to get more deposits with a low rate of interest, state bank of india (sbi) is planning to tap the rural market and aims to ...

star union dai-ichi life insurance company (sudlic), which launched its business operations in february this year, has put an ...

allahabad bank has revised the interest rates on foreign currency non-resident (fcnr) deposits with effect from 1st june, ...

finance minister pranab mukherjee will meet heads of public sector banks on june 10 to impress upon them the need to further cut ...

the yield on the 6.05 per cent note due february 2019 climbed 21 basis points this week to 6.70 per cent at the close, according ...

rating agency moody s has placed 13 indian banks, including state bank of india, icici bank and punjab national bank, on ...

aegon religare life insurance is expecting a 150-175 per cent growth in premium collections this fiscal. last financial year, ...

barely two weeks after the country s largest banker, state bank of india, issued a guarantee for a rs 4,200-crore debenture ...

state bank of india on friday said there was a softening bias in interest rates in the light of inflation staying below 1 per ...

the global rating agency moody s may downgrade ratings of 13 indian banks, including bigwigs such as sbi and icici bank, as the ...

state bank of india today launched a special product called defence salary package (dsp) for army personnel and aims to open ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india, today said it will consider a cut in interest rates after the bankers meeting ...

small and medium borrowers taking term-loans from the delhi financial corporation(dfc) will now be eligible for working capital ...

remittance service provider timesofmoney plans to launch direcpay a product that enables merchants to facilitate online ...

the indian rupee today appreciated by nine paise against the $ in early trade, on the back of losses in the us unit against major ...

small industries development bank of india (sidbi) and private infrastructure development firm, il fs, have jointly taken the ...

india raised rs 15,000 crore ($3.14 billion) by selling four bonds maturing between 2016 and 2035 at an auction, the central bank ...

the number of debit card transactions increased by 48 per cent in financial year 2009, compared to an increase of 12.7 per cent ...

as part of its initiative to make banking services available to the poor, the orissa government has decided to launch an ...

if the new government at the centre is unable to draw fiscal policies and push ahead with reforms, it will exert pressure on the ...

the clauses on corporate debt restructuring (cdr) are being reworked in view of the huge foreign exchange exposure of several ...

dewan housing finance corporation (dhfl) is planning to issue non-convertible debentures (ncds) worth up to rs 1,000 crore in ...

troubled financial services firm citigroup, which was bailed out by the us government last year, has ruled out selling its stakes ...

around 800,000 employees of public sector banks are planning to strike work on june 12. the strike has been called by the united ...

state bank of mysore (sbm) has donated a food distribution vehicle to the akshaya patra foundation, a bangalore-based ...

karur-based karur vysya bank (kvb) has reported a net profit of 18 per cent to rs 83.82 crore during the quarter ended march 31, ...

the indian rupee depreciated 36 paise against the $ in early trade today on anticipation of capital outflows as the stock markets ...

public sector lender corporation bank is planning to raise around rs 1,000 crore in the current financial year and is also aiming ...

at a time when some life insurers are planning to list on indian bourses, the insurance regulatory and development authority ...

kolkata-based state-owned lender uco bank has put on hold its plans for a follow-on-public issue (fpo) to raise around rs ...

a high level committee of the reserve bank of india (rbi) has expressed dissatisfaction over the poor participation ...

mangalore-based public sector lender, corporation bank, has signed agreements with prizm payments services pvt ltd and mrl posnet ...

with international sources of long-term funds turning into a trickle, indian companies are increasingly tapping export credit ...

share microfin, a regulated microfinance institution, is looking to raise close to rs 250 crore through the private equity route. ...

after extending its presence to the major cities of the state, cryobanks international india, an umbilical cord blood stem cell ...

umbilical cord blood stem cell bank cryobanks international india is eyeing a growth of 70 per cent in terms of customer base ...

the number of problem banks in the us shot has up to 305 in the first quarter of this year, the most in 15 years, ...

employees of state-owned banks have threatened to go on a one-day nationwide strike on june 12, to press their demands including ...

public sector bank of maharashtra today said it is planning to open about 100 branches across the country, of which 12 branches ...

public sector lender dena bank raised rs 125 crore through tier-i capital funds as perpetual bonds. the bank intends to use the ...

public sector corporation bank is aiming for a credit and deposit growth of 22-25 per cent in fy 10 and also plans to raise ...

private sector dhanalakshmi bank today said that it has launched a special home loan product, privilege home loan, targeted at ...

a high level committee of rbi has expressed dissatisfaction over the poor participation of private banks for ...

the indian rupee today soared by 41 paise against the dollar on anticipation of heavy foreign capital inflows as stock market may ...

the drop in the london interbank offered rate, the benchmark for $360 trillion of financial products, to a record low masks a ...

the global financial crisis seems to have changed the way multinational companies operating in the country engage with indian ...

two leading banks, state bank of india and hdfc bank, have sought permission from the reserve bank of india (rbi) to buy gold ...

the study group constituted by the state level bankers committee (slbc) in orissa has suggested development of appropriate ...

ing vysya life insurance company, a part of dutch financial giant ing group, is hiring over 3,000 advisers (agents) every month ...

public sector bank of baroda (bob) on tuesday said its consolidated net profit for the financial year ended march 31, 2009 jumped ...

lic housing finance (lic hf), the home finance subsidiary of life insurance corporation of india (lic), plans to raise additional ...

karnataka bank, the mangalore-based private sector lender, plans to seek shareholders nod to raise up to rs 500 crore ...

the issue price of bhavishya nirman bonds from the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) may rise to more ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned rs 246 crore for development projects in seven ...

india s policies for the software sector and china s promotion of special economic zones (sezs) for the manufacturing ...

what types of insurance do you have - health, home, car and maybe a few more if you think you ve got as much coverage as ...

icici bank today announced an association with mchek, a leading mobile service provider, to facilitate mchek services to all ...

icici bank today entered into a tie up with leading mobile payment solutions provider, mchek to issue electronic cards to ...

the indian rupee depreciated 24 paise to 47.52 53 a $ in the early trade today on sustained demand from importers for the ...

the indian rupee weakened 16 paise against the $ in early trade today on capital outflow by foreign funds in anticipation that ...

south africa s rand snapped a five-day rally as some investors said they were concerned a proposed merger of the biggest ...

the move will lead to transparency and help aged people seeking covers get to know the reasons why they have been refused a ...

during the quarter, total income rose 35 per cent to rs 641.8 crore as it earned an interest of rs 498 crore, up 19 per cent. ...

fullerton india credit company (ficc), the non-banking finance subsidiary of singapore-based temaesk, may need additional ...

the orissa government has revised the interest rate on crop loans provided by the cooperative sector from the existing 5 per cent ...

in order to cater to indian emigrant population, punjab national bank (pnb), the country s third largest bank, is planning ...

as part of its effort to increase the share of retail advances in its loan book, hyderabad-based andhra bank is planning to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday instructed state and central co-operative banks to desist from financing the commercial ...

state-run punjab national bank (pnb) today said it will not lower its interest rates, which are already lower than other banks, ...

private sector lender karnataka bank today said its net profit for the quarter ended march 31, rose by 2.92 per cent to rs 83.14 ...

the country s second largest psu lender, punjab national bank, today said it is planning to open five overseas offices in the ...

as the recession-hit us economy is groping in the dark over uncertain financial position, india has increased its exposure to ...

private sector dhanalakshmi bank plans to float a venture fund with a corpus of rs 2,000 crore and will set up a wholly-owned ...

bank of india (boi) is looking at acquisition in kenya to increase its presence in the east african nation. it plans to buy a ...

banks and financial institutions should redraw their credit risk management techniques and put in place an effective mechanism, ...

banks negotiating to reclaim stock warrants they granted in return for troubled asset relief programme (tarp) money may ...

the country s largest bank sbi, under its gold deposit scheme, has collected 548 kilograms of the precious metal in two ...

the gold deposit scheme of sbi has attracted 548 kilograms of precious yellow metal deposits in a short span of two months in ...

punjab national bank (pnb) has recorded an impressive growth of 24 per cent in its total business in kerala during the previous ...

india s foreign exchange reserves declined $1.73 billion to $254.21 billion during the week ended may 15, 2009, mainly due ...

the rupee recorded its biggest weekly advance in 13 years on optimism that the new upa government with revive disinvestment and ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao today said another stimulus package could help the economy in the short-term but ...

the banks operating in orissa restructured 62,799 loan accounts of micro, small and medium enterprises (msmes) during 2008-09 ...

india s foreign exchange reserves declined by $1.734 billion to $254.207 billion for the week ended may 15 from $255.941 billion ...

uti mutual fund has merged two funds to introduce uti top 100 fund which aims to provide long-term capital gains by investing in ...

banking behemoth citigroup is looking at ways to cut down on technology costs and save over $1 billion this year by integrating ...

the lender had a net profit of rs 102.86 crore in the march quarter of fy08, federal bank said in a filing to the bombay stock ...

the national cooperative union of india has expressed concerns over rbi s move to put cooperative sector lending institutions ...

the indian rupee continued its upward march for the sixth consecutive day and breached the crucial 47-level against the us ...

extending its gains for the sixth straight session, the indian rupee today appreciated by 18 paise against the dollar in early ...

the bhubaneswar zonal office of uco bank targets rs 4,885 crore business in 2009-10 representing a growth of 25 per cent over the ...

eyeing 20 per cent growth in loan assets, export-import bank of india today said that it planned to borrow rs 20,000 crore in the ...

although the london interbank offered rate (libor) for three-month dollar loans touched a historic low of 66 basis points today, ...

eight months earlier, it was vibrant business for dream finance, a mumbai-based direct selling agent (dsa) which specialised in ...

the lead bank scheme, which was introduced around four decades ago, aims at facilitating credit delivery to far-fetched areas of ...

india s religare enterprises and australian macquarie group, in race for buying global insurer aig s asset management unit, face ...

a high level rbi committee has favored that lead banking scheme should be continued to accelerate financial inclusion in the ...

the non-banking financial companies clocked higher profits in 2008-09 as compared to those of commercial banks reeling under ...

eyeing 20 per cent growth in loan assets, export-import bank of india today said that it plans to borrow rs 20,000 crore in the ...

rating agency fitch today downgraded banglaore-based ing vysya bank s national long-term rating to aa from ...

a host of global fund managers are rushing to make the most out of emerging markets, with seven out of every 10 fund managers ...

icici prudential amc today said its target returns fund has collected over rs 800 crore during its new fund offer (nfo) period ...

the indian rupee today improved further by 12 paise to 47.35 against the us currency in morning trade as dollar weakened against ...

credit off-take remained subdued at rs 5,882 crore during the fortnight ended may 8, 2009, as bank customers kept borrowing plans ...

if trends over the past few weeks are anything to go by, banks are slowly shedding their aversion to financing new projects and ...

punjab national bank (pnb), the second largest public sector lender, has posted a 45.11 per cent jump in its fourth quarter net ...

bajaj finserv, the non-banking finance company from the bajaj stable, reported a net profit of rs 71 crore in the last financial ...

public sector general insurance companies are aiming at a more than 10 per cent reduction in the claims ratio for health ...

punjab national bank (pnb), the country s second-largest public sector lender, today reported a 59 per cent jump in its fourth ...

in what would augur well for the industry facing slowdown, the finance ministry today expressed hope that banks will bring down ...

axis bank, india s third-largest private sector bank, today entered into a strategic alliance with motilal oswal securities ...

idfc mutual fund and bank of india have entered into a strategic alliance to distribute and market mutual fund products of idfc ...

the indian rupee today tumbled by four paise to 47.82 against the us $ on expectations of capital outflows by foreign funds as ...

indian customers shopped online more frequently in the fourth quarter of 2008 than in the same period the previous year, despite ...

foreign institutional investors (fii) have dumped the debt market to make the most out of the rising equity market, which is ...

goldman sachs group inc, jpmorgan chase co and morgan stanley applied to refund a combined $45 billion of government funds, ...

ing vysya life insurance company limited (ing life), part of the ing group, a financial services company, today announced its ...

around rs 55,000 crore will be invested in ncds and the remaining rs 50,000 crore in the stock market, senior lic executives told ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao said that banks must pass on the benefit of lower costs from technology-based ...

public sector lender indian bank today said its net profit for the march quarter jumped 63 per cent to rs 394.08 crore compared ...

the cost of borrowing in dollars between banks had its biggest two-day drop in more than four months amid confidence record low ...

tata capital housing finance limited (tchfl), a wholly-owned subsidiary of tata capital, has been registered with the national ...

the bank of england expanded its bonus pool and took on the most staff in more than two decades as the financial crisis stressed ...

state bank of india is negotiating with other commercial banks to share the onus of giving guarantees to tata motors rs ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda), has reduced the fee paid by the non-life insurance companies to ...

public-sector lender union bank of india today freezed interest rates for new home loans upto rs 50-lakh at eight per cent for ...

the indian rupee appreciated further by 52 paise to 47.36 against the us dollar in morning trade in anticipation of heavy ...

the indian rupee today opened strong by 41 paise at 47.47 against the us currency, a day after it recorded its highest gain of ...

after a long while, private sector non-life insurers recorded a drop in premium collections in april on account of competitive ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao said banks must pass the benefit of lower costs from technology-based products ...

only seven out of the 27 state-owned banks could achieve the stipulated target of disbursing 18 per cent of the net bank credit ...

expectations of further reduction in interest rates saw the yield on 10-year government securities drop to their lowest level in ...

the developmental support provided by the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) to the orissa government ...

the state bank of india (sbi), the largest public sector lender, targets a total business of rs 10,500 crore during the current ...

battered insurer american international group (aig), which has received billions of dollars from the us government is looking to ...

india s foreign direct investment (fdi) dropped in february to $1.4 billion, almost one-fourth of the inflows witnessed in the ...

mirroring the frenzy in the stock markets, the indian rupee on monday appreciated by a whopping 130 paise to trade at ...

a team of experts of leading australian financial firm westpac is reportedly in india to discuss their future offshoring plans ...

bank chief executives will be replaced in the next couple of months as the us scrutinises financially troubled lenders, federal ...

the landmark judgment by the supreme court to award rs 1 crore to a patient for medical negligence is likely to push up medical ...

lloyds banking group chairman victor blank is likely to step down from his position amid mounting pressure from shareholders ...

it was a stunning victory for congress in the national capital which crushed bjp by polling 20 per cent votes more than its main ...

cooperative banks in haryana are not able to meet their lending targets due to the liquidity crunch. many farmers have stopped ...

the country s third-largest public sector lender, bank of baroda (bob), today said its life insurance venture with uk-based ...

ing vysya life insurance company limited, a part of dutch financial giant ing group, has reported a 24 increase in premium income ...

india s foreign exchange reserves went up by $4.24 billion to $255.94 billion during the week ended may 15, 2009, mainly ...

andhra bank, which has crossed a business volume of rs 1,00.000 crore in india by the end of march this year, has set up five new ...

following the lead of state bank of india, private sector lender icici bank and public sector lender idbi bank have cut deposit ...

financial services major bank of america (bofa), which is to boost its capital by as much as $34 billion, has been pressured by ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) today said it has halted distribution of the new pension system to employees other than ...

the reserve bank of india has imposed a monetary penalty of rs 1 lakh on the ckp co-operative bank, mumbai, for violation of the ...

british banking entity barclays, which has refused to take funds from the government, is in discussions to sell its asset ...

deposits, below rs 15-lakh, having a maturity of 1 year-2 years will now carry a rate of 7.5 per cent as against 8 per cent ...

the indian rupee today rose by 15 paise against the us currency in early trade on expectations of capital inflows by foreign ...

the cost of borrowing in dollars for three months between banks dropped the most in eight weeks as government and central bank ...

public sector lender bank of maharashtra (bom) registered a whopping 145.24 per cent growth in profit to rs 137.31 crore during ...

former treasury secretary henry paulson, saying nine us banks were central to any solution of the credit crisis, ...

for the second time in one and a half months, india s third largest bank lender, private sector axis bank, has reduced its ...

credit information bureau india ltd (cibil) and transunion on thursday launched a personal loan score to enable ...

protesting pfrda s decision to reduce allocation of pension funds to it under nps for organised sector from 55 per cent to ...

for the first time in nearly two weeks, the rupee breached the 50-mark against the us dollar on concerns that foreign ...

a reserve bank-conducted survey today lowered india s growth rate projection to 7.5 per cent per annum for the next 10 years, ...

barclays plc, the uk s third- biggest bank, is in talks to sell its asset management unit to potential buyers, including ...

the karnataka government today asked the reserve bank of india (rbi) to initiate steps to increase credit deposit ratio (cdr) to ...

finance executives in asia and australia are the most optimistic in their outlook for their economies and expect the region to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has identified karnataka to launch a pilot project on financial literacy programme as part of its ...

the reserve bank of india has room to cut benchmark interest rates further to boost economic growth, former governor bimal jalan ...

ing vysya life insurance company limited, a part of dutch financial giant ing group, has reported that its total premium income ...

with this, deposits below rs 15 lakh, having 15 days-45 days, and 46 days to 90 days maturities, will now attract rates of 4.5 ...

axis bank, the country s third-largest private sector lender, has reduced its benchmark prime leading rate (plr) by 50 basis ...

the government bailed out bank of america may be scrambling to raise billions of dollars in additional capital but the financial ...

the indian rupee today plunged by 22 paise to 49.92 against the us currency in early trade on expectations of capital outflows by ...

union bank of india would open 500 branches this fiscal across india apart from a representative office in sydney by september, ...

the country s borrowing costs rose at an auction of 91-day bills and fell at a sale of 182-day debt, central bank data ...

cholamandalam dbs finance ltd on wednesday said it has received the madras high court s approval for its proposed capital ...

this includes system for opening up of accounts, issue of tds certificates, interest certificates for housing loans and ecs ...

the issuance of commercial papers (cps) has shot up in the past few months with many big companies tapping mutual funds (mfs), ...

after reporting low numbers in new business premium, life insurance companies are resorting to special initiatives to increase ...

chennai-based commercial vehicle financier shriram transport finance company will raise rs 1,000 crore through a secured, ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) has hiked its stake to 9.18 per cent in public sector lender union bank of india (ubi) ...

the insurance sector is likely to grow by 200 per cent to touch the figure of rs 2,00,000 crore in the next two years, industry ...

this is the second time in this month that sbi is cutting its deposit rates. earlier this month, the lender had cut interest ...

chennai-based commercial vehicle financier shriram transport finance company ltd is planning to set up a subsidiary for equipment ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has advised banks to minimise the number of nostro accounts to have better control over ...

ing vysya life insurance company ltd, a part of dutch financial giant ing group, on tuesday announced that it reported net loss ...

with security of money at a premium during the global financial meltdown, overseas indians seem to have reposed faith in the ...

sudhir garg assumed charge as chief general manager of state bank of hyderabad (sbh). he joined state bank of patiala as ...

by placing rigid norms for life insurance companies which wish to act as points of presence (pops) under the new pension scheme ...

the bank s total income was 20.14 per cent higher at rs 2,237.67 crore during the fourth quarter of 2008-09, compared with ...

majority of businessmen go for public sector banks for their loan requirements, barring home loans, as they find private lenders ...

private sector lender kotak mahindra bank today said its consolidated net profit for the fourth quarter of 2008-09 declined by ...

the indian rupee today depreciated by 18 paise at 49.68 against the us currency on expectations of capital outflows by foreign ...

asserting that it is well-positioned to tide over the economic uncertainty, european banking major hsbc holdings ...

reliance life insurance, the insurance arm of reliance capital, reduced the number of agents by almost a third in the second half ...

munich re, the world s biggest reinsurer, said premiums will increase this year as primary insurers hurt by the financial ...

bangalore-based public sector lender, canara bank has set a target of achieving 23 per cent growth in its total business at rs ...

dewan housing finance corporation ltd (dhfl) reported a 34.62 per cent growth in net interest income to rs 42.46 crore for the ...

the decrease is attributed to depositors shifting a part of their balances from current and savings bank accounts (casa) to term ...

citigroup s vikram pandit may have been named among worst ceos ever in america, but in terms of financial performance for the ...

to improve monitoring of accounts that are opened by a bank with an overseas bank in the currency of the foreign country, the ...

as the world continues to reel under the financial turmoil that started with risky subprime lending, a new study has found that ...

the standard chartered private bank plans to hire 100 relationship managers globally within the next 12 months, to further ...

kolkata-based lsi financial services has obtained securities and exchange board of india (sebi) licence for merchant banking ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has directed insurance behemoth life insurance corporation (lic) of ...

bulk deal transactions involve transfer of more than 0.5 per cent of the number of equity shares of any listed company. the ...

the finance ministry and the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) to examine ...

the country s top private sector financial institution, icici bank, has said it is no hurry to bring out ipos of its ...

insurance regulator irda has asked life insurance corporation (lic) to chalk-out a plan to reduce its stake in those companies ...

icici bank has said it will prefer organic growth over expansion through overseas acquisitions, as many hidden liabilities could ...

state bank of india has treated the loan given to ratnagiri gas and power (earlier called dabhol power company) as a non ...

state bank of india, the country s largest lender, today said its net profit rose 45.6 per cent to rs 2,742.31 crore during ...

bank of rajasthan (bor) has posted a 84.3 per cent drop in its net profit for the fourth quarter ended march 2009 at rs 2.93 ...

andhra bank reported a 61.93 per cent increase in net profit at rs 201.21 crore for the quarter ended march 2009 compared with rs ...

foreign lender barclays bank has seen a significant rise in impairments in the unsecured lending and cards portfolio in india for ...

public sector uco bank has posted a 19 per cent growth in net profit at rs 102.56 crore during the fourth quarter of the last ...

singapore-based lender dbs bank today sold off its entire stake in hdfc bank, while deutsche securities mauritius picked up 3.78 ...

the country s foreign exchange reserves declined by $1.39 billion (about rs 6,900 crore) in the week ended may 1 to $251.70 ...

with the us government asking citigroup to raise $ 5.5 billion additional capital, the banking major has said it would not need ...

the us federal government has directed the country s 10 leading banks to boost their capital by $75 billion, following the ...

export-import bank of india (exim bank) today said it has extended a $30-million line of credit (loc) to mozambique to ...

the corporate bond market has witnessed a sharp surge in trading volumes. data from the securities and exchange board of india ...

ifast financial india pvt ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary of singapore-based ifast india investments pte ltd, today launched its ...

foreign exchange risk is a major concern for corporate treasurers globally. according to jp morgan global cash management survey, ...

punjab national bank (pnb), the second largest public sector bank in the country has proposed to set up a farmers training ...

corporation bank on wednesday signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with the karnataka state organic farming mission (ksofm) ...

union bank of india s net profit for the fourth quarter ended march 2009 declined by 10.56 per cent to rs 466 crore from rs ...

the cost of protecting corporate bonds from default fell to the lowest since the collapse of lehman brothers holdings inc on ...

with the stock markets in positive territory since morning, the rupee opened stronger against the us dollar at 49.30, as against ...

the current meltdown, which made companies rework their marketing strategies in the boardroom, has prompted private life insurer ...

federal regulators on thursday unveil what treasury secretary timothy geithner said will be a reassuring picture of ...

us banks need to overhaul policies ranging from employee compensation to risk management, federal reserve chairman ben s bernanke ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has extended its norms for the valuation of loans before and after restructuring to financial ...

british banking entity barclays plc has reported a 15 per cent jump in first quarter profits at 1.37 billion pounds even as the ...

state-run union bank of india, in joint venture with belgium-based company, plans to enter the mutual funds business by december ...

slashing the key rates for the seventh time in as many months, the european central bank (ecb) today reduced the interest rate to ...

unfazed by the global economic meltdown, the country s third-largest public sector lender, bank of baroda (bob), is planning to ...

top private sector lender icici bank has exuded confidence that it will return to profitability growth this fiscal, for which it ...

union bank of india has reported a 10.77 per cent decline in its net profit to rs 465 crore for the quarter ended march 31, 2009, ...

the indian rupee appreciated by 24 paise against the $ in early trade today on increased capital inflows by foreign funds in the ...

the international body of capital market regulators, of which the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) too is an active ...

the rupee weakened for the first time in four days on concern that a slide in the equity markets will reduce investor appetite ...

banks worldwide may be asked to raise minimum capital reserves by several percentage points to help them weather the next ...

entrepreneurs in smaller cities have to depend on money lenders as they are not getting adequate credit from banks, industry body ...

regulators have determined that bank of america corp requires about $34 billion in new capital, the largest need among the 19 ...

icici bank, the country s largest private sector bank, has scaled down its overseas operations, especially in the united ...

india s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) has entered into an agreement with telecom firm tata communications ltd ...

for december, there were 10 trading paydays bigger than $100 million, the new york-based firm said on wednesday in a filing with ...

two consumer-centric proposals for buyers of unit-linked insurance plans (ulips) and health insurance policies, which were to be ...

corporation bank today signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with karnataka state organic farming mission (ksofm) for the ...

at a recent summit in india, mastercard worldwide found that a key issue plaguing the credit card industry was inactive cards. it ...

the us regulators have asked financial services major bank of america (bofa) to initiate steps to plug nearly $35 billion ...

global banking major, barclays today announced the launch of easy cash management solution in india, a service that would ...

top private lender icici bank plans to open nearly 600 branches this year, but will not hire as part of the current workforce ...

reserve bank of india today mopped up rs 1,44,913 crore from banks through reverse repo window, reflecting ample liquidity in the ...

the indian rupee depreciated by 25 paise against the us $ in early trade today on expectations of capital outflow of funds from ...

saraswat co-operative bank is eyeing vadodara-based anyonya co-operative bank ltd (acbl) for an acquisition, a top bank official ...

the london interbank offered rate (libor) that banks charge for three-month dollar loans fell below 1 per cent for the first time ...

intel capital, the venture capital (vc) arm of technology giant intel, feels that an initial public offering (ipo) is the best ...

companies which entered the life insurance business after state-run life insurance corporation lost its monopoly are yet to find ...

helped by improved interest margins and healthy growth in fee-based income, the hinduja group-promoted indusind bank on tuesday ...

with abundant cash in the system, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has decided to dispense with two daily liquidity adjustment ...

allahabad bank has posted a 55.80 per cent increase in net profit to rs 264.09 crore for the fourth quarter of the last fiscal, ...

the rising flow of overseas portfolio investment in the stock markets and offloading of the greenback by exporters made the ...

standard chartered plc, the uk bank that gains almost all its profit from emerging markets, said it made a strong ...

mangalore-based public sector lender, corporation bank has reduced its interest rates on housing, vehicle, education and personal ...

a group of banks including the state bank of india (sbi) and the state bank of hyderabad (sbh) have come forward to implement ...

stocks of indian companies that have issued foreign currency convertible bonds (fccbs), which are currently trading at huge ...

jammu and kashmir bank (j k bank) today slashed its prime lending rate (plr) by 175 basis points from 14.5 per cent to 12.75 ...

with the reduction, one year to less than five year maturity and 5 years and above maturity deposits of boi will now offer a rate ...

swiss banking major ubs has posted a first quarter loss of 2 billion swiss francs (about $1.77 billion) and has warned of ...

singapore-based rating agency, standard poor s ratings services said today that it had placed its a-1 short-term issue ...

idbi bank today said its 11.50 per cent idbi slr bonds 2009 is repayable at par on june 13, 2009. investors holding the ...

in a filing to the bombay stock exchange (bse) today development credit bank (dcb) has informed that murali natarajan has been ...

the indian rupee appreciated by 31 paise against the $ in early trade today due to increased capital inflows by funds on ...

rajesh saxena recently moved from citibank in japan to become the chief executive of american express banking corp, india. saxena ...

public sector indian overseas bank (iob) has reported a 5.37 per cent increase in net profit for the quarter ended march 2009 at ...

allahabad bank on monday said its net profit rose 55.80 per cent to rs 264.09 during the fourth quarter of 2008-09, as against rs ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked banks to review their existing policies for lending to micro and small enterprises ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc), the country s largest mortgage player, on monday said its profit before ...

having got the regulatory clearance to offer add-on insurance policies, non-life insurers are now preparing to launch the same in ...

bonds dropped by the most in more than a month on speculation some investors are cutting their holdings with a view to reinvest ...

berkshire hathaway chairman warren buffett lambasted bankers, insurers and regulators for being blind to the possibility home ...

around six months before his term ends, reserve bank of india deputy governor rakesh mohan will be moving out of mint road to ...

while credit conditions continue to be tight in the us and european markets, banks are utilising the excess cash to upgrade their ...

public sector general insurer united india insurance has reported a 24 per cent decline in net profit for 2008-09 at rs 476.05 ...

banking majors citigroup and bank of america (bofa) are working on plans to raise more than $10 billion each in fresh capital to ...

rbi deputy governor rakesh mohan, who was in the race for the top slot in the central bank, has resigned to take up an assignment ...

beleaguered insurance firm american international group (aig) is close to selling its japanese headquarters for about $1 billion, ...

the state-run lender had a net profit of rs 305.95 crore in the march quarter of fy 08, iob said in a filing to the bombay stock ...

the indian rupee today appreciated by 44 paise against the us currency in opening trade on fresh capital inflows by funds as ...

bank of baroda has pipped canara bank in terms of net profit and total business for fy09 to become the third largest public ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) is in talks with the reserve bank of india (rbi) to introduce foreign currency ...

bank of baroda (bob) has pipped canara bank in terms of net profit and total business for fiscal 2008-09 to become third-largest ...

playing down the issues of foreign investment in banks and exit of her two top-level colleagues, chanda kochhar today said she ...

thane janata sahkari bank (tjsb), the leading urban cooperative bank in maharashtra, plans to form a subsidiary to provide it ...

berkshire hathaway inc chairman warren buffett dismissed the importance of the government s stress tests of major us ...

the industry has been hit by the economic slowdown as companies have deferred their expansion plans, thereby hitting the fire and ...

taking benefit of the abundant liquidity, state bank of india, the country s largest bank, has reduced the interest rate on ...

regulators seized banks in georgia, new jersey and utah yesterday, boosting the tally of failed lenders in the us this year to 32 ...

mangalore-based public sector lender, corporation bank proposes to raise rs 500 crore to augment its upper tier-ii capital by ...

the asian development bank said today it will establish a three-billion-dollar fund to boost developing member countries fiscal ...

with this, one-year to less than two-year deposits will now attract a rate of 7.5 per cent as against 7.75 per cent earlier, sbi ...

us bank citigroup may need to raise up to $10 billion in new capital as the government of president barack obama continues talks ...

the federal reserve is postponing the release of stress tests on the biggest us banks while executives debate preliminary ...

from today, indians will have access to another investment avenue to plan for retirement in the new pension scheme (nps). the ...

the country s foreign exchange reserves increased by $631 million to $253.09 billion during the week ended april 24, mainly ...

central government employees who joined as a part of the contributory new pension scheme (nps) have earned a weighted average ...

punjab national bank revised interest rates on foreign currency non-resident deposit schemes for dollar, british pound and euro, ...

financial services provider citigroup will be selling its japanese securities and key investment banking businesses to sumitomo ...

the world bank has approved $400 million additional financing loan to the small industries development bank of india (sidbi), ...

royal bank of scotland group plc said today that it has sold its half share in a spanish insurance company to its joint venture ...

fund managers queued up to grab a pie of the new pension scheme that opens for subscription tomorrow. but even before the scheme ...

mayfield fund, a silicon valley-based venture capital fund focusing on the us, china and india with $2.8 billion assets under ...

max new york life insurance company is looking at reaching out to the uninsured through kirana shops and is currently ...

faced with battered fortunes, irate shareholders of bank of america (bofa) voted to oust the banking major s chairman kenneth d ...

nearly half of credit and debit cards in india were inactive, possibly due to insufficient resources in bank accounts and a ...

the asian development bank (adb) board has agreed to triple its capital base to $165 billion to cope with the financial ...

the country s second-largest public sector lender, punjab national bank, today slashed benchmark lending rate by 50 basis points ...

even as most companies in india and abroad are busy laying off staff to cut costs and beat recession, kerala-based dhanalakshmi ...

let s start by examining the facts disclosed last week in a letter by new york attorney general andrew cuomo, while taking ...

a week after the reserve bank of india (rbi) cut key policy rates, citibank today said it will lower its prime lending rate (plr) ...

the supreme court on wednesday refused to give immediate relief to investment banker nimesh kampani, who sought anticipatory bail ...

after getting the go-ahead from the reserve bank of india (rbi), idbi bank is all set to apply to the securities and exchange ...

the rupee advanced for the first time this week, rising 0.9 per cent to 50.095 per dollar, after latest data showed equity ...

paving the way for the new pension scheme (nps) from this friday, the pension fund regulatory and development authority (pfrda) ...

at least six of the 19 largest us banks require additional capital, according to preliminary results of government stress tests, ...

icici bank, the country s second-largest lender, is not looking to expand its balance sheet for the second year in a row ...

lic housing finance limited, a subsidiary of the public sector, life insurance corporation of india (lic)is targetting to provide ...

at a time when bailed out firms are trying hard to come to terms with government-imposed pay restrictions, citigroup is seeking ...

after opening its first overseas branch last month, state-run oriental bank of commerce (obc) is planning to expand its global ...

max new york life insurance company (mnyl) is looking at reaching uninsured population through unorganised kirana shops. the ...

foreign lender citibank today cut its benchmark lending rate by 25 basis points to 14.75%, a week after the rbi reduced ...

the indian rupee today hardened by 31 paise at 50.20 against the greenback on account of fresh capital inflows by funds amid a ...

betting big on the fast-growing microfinance sector, leading private and foreign banks are all set to scale up their mfi ...

milan s financial police seized 476 million ($620 million) of assets belonging to ubs ag, deutsche bank ag, ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), on tuesday said that it has lowered interest rates on education ...

the bajaj group of companies, india s largest manufacturer of two- and three-wheeler vehicles, is planning to expand its ...

banks have lent rs 8,500-9,000 crore to the micro, small and medium enterprises (msmes) in the last few months as a part of the ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic), the country s largest insurer, is banking on traditional policies to recover ...

the 10-year bond yields held at a one-week high on speculation rising government debt sales will damp demand for the securities. ...

rating agency crisil has reported 16.5 per cent rise in net profit at rs 35.46 crore during the january-march quarter amid rise ...

over the same period, the non-banking finance company s total income increased 23 per cent to rs 954.53 crore from rs ...

with the indian film industry running into rough weather due to the economic downturn, idbi bank and exim bank two of the ...

kolkata-based residuary non-banking finance firm, peerless general finance and investment co, will launch its own mutual fund ...

the company had a net profit of rs 152.92 crore for the same quarter ended march 2008, idfc said in a filing to the bombay stock ...

the bank has bagged best retail bank in india award for the third year in a row based on robust core funding, superior financial ...

providing relief to exporters hit by shrinking global demand, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today extended the concessional ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, today said that it has lowered interest rates on education loans by up ...

public sector lender vijaya bank today said its net profit surged five fold to rs 102.25 crore in the fourth quarter ended march ...

private sector banks like icici bank, hdfc bank and vysya bank may be kept outside the purview of the new fdi guidelines, with ...

the country s second-largest public sector lender, punjab national bank, today said it may reduce its lending and deposit rates ...

the country s largest private lender, icici bank, whose ownership status may alter because of the new fdi guidelines, today said ...

backed by an improvement in interest margins, state-run bank of baroda has posted a 172.3 per cent rise in its fourth quarter net ...

driven by india and china, the emerging asian economies no longer witness a slump, uk financial services major barclays said ...

chennai-based indian bank has reported a 63.06 per cent increase in its fourth quarter net profit at rs 394.07 crore as against ...

the merger of the two kerala-based private sector banks, federal bank and catholic syrian bank (csb), has now entered the final ...

us banks that received results of their federal stress tests last week were given three options if they need additional capital ...

the bombay high court on monday struck down the circular issued by the reserve bank of india (rbi) withdrawing pension updation ...

with the reserve bank of india (rbi) lowering the growth estimate for the economy to 6 per cent, non-life insurance companies ...

warning that the worst may not be over yet, reserve bank governor d subbarao has said the global economic recession may not only ...

targeting the rs 35,000-crore pension plan market, idbi fortis life insurance today announced the launch of its retiresurance ...

the indian rupee today depreciated by 18 paise to 49.98 against the us currency in early trade on increased month-end dollar ...

citigroup inc., rescued by three u.s. government bailouts, may sell its japanese retail brokerage to sumitomo mitsui financial ...

although lending is picking up, risk aversion is still showing with non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) seeking higher ...

to save on interest cost, the government is likely to release in a couple of months rs 5,000 crore to banks as reimbursement for ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will soon come out with guidelines permitting banks and qualified non-banking entities to issue ...

india s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), is planning to slash lending rates for education loans by 0.25 per cent as ...

following weeks of speculation, india s largest private sector lender, icici bank, today unveiled its new management team ...

icici bank, the country s second largest bank, today said that its consolidated net profit rose 17.66 per cent to rs 748.44 ...

i am not sure whether we will increase it (headcount) this year, hsbc holdings group chairman stephen k green said ...

bank credit witnessed a moderate growth of rs 1,429 crore in the first fortnight of the current financial year as banks were busy ...

pnb gilts, a subsidiary of punjab national bank, today announced that its net loss has widened to rs 51.55 crore in the fourth ...

public sector lender corporation bank today reported a 26.7 per cent increase in its fourth quarter net profit to rs 260.49 crore ...

idbi bank has posted a 28 per cent rise in its net profit at rs 313.4 crore for the fourth quarter ended march 31, 2009, as ...

sbi s largest subsidiary state bank of bikaner and jaipur today said it aims to clock business growth of 65 per cent in the ...

japanese financial services major nomura holdings today saw its net loss widen to 709 billion yen (about $7.22 billion) for the ...

the indian rupee today eased by five paise against the american currency to 49.97 98 in morning trade on the back of mild demand ...

extending its gains for the third straight day, the indian rupee today appreciated by seven paise to 49.85 against the us ...

refraining from directly appointing statutory auditors, insurance regulator irda has retained the practice of prescribing ...

european banking major, bnp paribas, said today that it would take a decision on the integration of fortis indian ...

the indian banks association (iba) has asked all banks to take a clearance from the central bureau of investigation (cbi) ...

citigroup s india-born chief vikram pandit has found a place among the 20 worst-ever ceos in american history, but the top ...

executives from credit-card issuers, including bank of america and american express, are set to meet with president barack obama ...

standard chartered bank has started the process to raise around rs 5,000 crore through an indian depository receipts (idr) issue ...

state bank of travancore, an associate of india s largest public sector lender state bank of india, today reported a net profit ...

state bank of bikaner jaipur today said its net profit for the year ended march 31, has increased by 28.07 per cent to rs ...

lic housing finance (lichf), the country s second-largest housing finance company, has reported a 33.14 per cent increase ...

buoyed by a rise in fee-based income, the country s second-largest lender hdfc bank today reported a 33.91 rise in net ...

the sharp economic downturn and liquidity crunch, especially since october 2008, put enormous strain on the financial health of ...

the slowdown in the economy and aging of loans will deteriorate banks asset in the next two years, a report from crisil rating ...

future generali india life corporation, the joint venture between future group and generali group, has launched an insurance ...

the indian rupee today depreciated by nine paise to 50.43 against the us currency in early trade on account of heavy capital ...

treasury secretary timothy geithner indicated that stress tests will show most of the 19 biggest us banks have enough capital and ...

shikha sharma, who is likely to join axis bank in august, will have to start the search for at least two top-level executives ...

infrastructure development finance company (idfc), a non-banking finance company (nbfc), has revived its plan to enter the ...

can fin homes ltd, a canara bank sponsored housing loan firm, has recorded 4.5 per cent drop in its net profit at rs 9.4 crore ...

for fy09, the aggregate deposits rose by 20.9 per cent to rs 32,388 crore and advances went up by 21.4 per cent to rs 25,880 ...

denying any political pressure on the rbi to project 6 per cent growth for this fiscal, governor d subbarao on wednesday said it ...

indian companies with outstanding foreign currency convertible bonds (fccbs) are likely to see a decline of 17 per cent in their ...

rising delinquencies and non-performing assets (npas) in the credit card business are forcing banks to reorient their outlook, ...

the volume in the sf market declined by 18 per cent to rs 52,000 crore in 2008-09 from rs 63,700 crore a year ago, according to ...

millions of lost jobs mean billions in lost tax revenue for the us government, and billions in additional treasury debt to fund a ...

outsourcing of automated teller machines (atms) is on the rise. at least two large banks plan to outsource the installation and ...

debt funds may soon be back in vogue, thanks to yesterday s rate cuts by the reserve bank of india (rbi). experts opined ...

manufacturing companies have raised their share in the overall issuances of commercial papers (cps) as they raised short-term ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has advised banks to submit an annual compliance certificate underlining the risk management ...

mahindra mahindra financial services (mmfsl), the wholly-owned subsidiary of automotive giant mahindra mahindra, ...

the company had a net profit of rs 64.50 crore in the fourth quarter of the last financial year, yes bank informed the stock ...

two of the country s largest private sector banks icici bank and hdfc bank today reduced their rates, after ...

the indian rupee appreciated by 13 paise to trade at 50.32 against the us currency in early trade today, snapping a four-day weak ...

experts believe that the reserve bank of india s decision to increase the limit for premature buy-back of foreign currency ...

icici prudential asset management company will groom 10,000 financial advisers in the current fiscal 2010. last year too, the ...

state bank of mysore (sbm), an associate of state bank of india group, on tuesday reported a 40.6 per cent decline in net profit ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will set up a financial stability unit for drawing upon inter-disciplinary ...

in order to bring regional rural banks (rrbs) within the internationally accepted basel-i framework, the reserve bank of india ...

axis bank director at pannir selvam passed away today evening. he had a heart attack at the mumbai airport while he was ...

in order to improve liquidity in trading of government securities, the reserve bank of india (rbi) proposes to introduce separate ...

former axis bank chairman and ceo pj nayak said managements should look at appointing outsiders only when the organisation is ...

soon after the rbi reduced policy rates by 25 basis points, the country s largest private sector lender, icici bank, today ...

in order to bring regional rural banks (rrbs) within the internationally accepted basel-i framework, reserve bank of india (rbi), ...

the worst in the economy is over with data indicating that the situation is improving, state bank of indiachairman o p bhatt said ...

noble, the research led anglo-indian investment bank specialising in mid- and small-cap companies, today announced that it has ...

the reserve bank today described as a major challenge the management of the large government borrowing programme ...

the reserve bank today said it would deal with the problem of black money being hidden in tax havens by continuously updating its ...

citigroup chief vikram pandit will try to convince investors that the financial services major is on a recovery path, following ...

industry today said the rbi measures towards lower interest rates will reduce the credit cost, but the central bank should have ...

the policy stance of rbi indicates further softening of the interest rates, oriental bank of commerce executive ...

the reserve bank of india today fixed the reference rate for the us currency at rs 50.36 per dollar and the single european ...

in a move that could bring further relief to the home, auto and corporate borrowers, the reserve bank today cut short-term ...

the reserve bank today reduced the short-term lending (repo) and borrowing (reverse repo) rates by 25 basis points, a move that ...

the indian rupee today depreciated by 27 paise at 50.57 against the us currency in early trade on heavy capital outflows by funds ...

bank of america corp, the largest us bank by assets, reported first-quarter profit more than tripled on gains from home ...

under the relaxed norms, no objection by banks can be extended for issue of corporate guarantee in favour of the ...

bajaj finserv, the financial services arm of the bajaj group company, has said that it would get into the asset management ...

axis bank, the country s third largest private sector lender, today reported a 60.89 per cent rise in net profit during the ...

ubs luxembourg unit must transfer the assets it holds for luxalpha sicav-american selection, a fund that invested with ...

the international monetary fund (imf) may be so conscious of having handed out bad advice to needy countries in the past that it ...

world bank has said that it is considering to raise the borrowing limit of individual countries, an issue which was pressed by ...

citigroup s credit losses are growing at a rapid rate, undermining chief executive officer vikram ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) report on macroeconomic and monetary development in financial year 2008-09 has noted that the ...

with foreign banks registering a paltry 4 per cent growth in credit advances for the financial year up to march 27, 2009 and ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi), in its quarterly monetary and macroeconomic review, has expressed concerns on the existing high ...

the economic slowdown and the accompanying moderation in the pace of revenue growth has adversely hit the financial health of ...

services and personal loans pulled down the non-food bank credit growth to 19.5 per cent at the end of february 27, 2009 as ...

in the light of credit offtake not picking up despite ample liquidity in the system, the rbi is likely to keep policy rates ...

india s merger and acquisition scene for the first quarter of 2009 has been dismissal. indian companies were involved in a ...

the global financial crisis has come as a roadblock to the rs 5,500-crore integrated solar power complex, possibly the world s ...

dilip kumar didn t use his icici bank credit card for 14 months nazneen did the same. the bank responded by blocking their ...

world bank s private sector lending arm, international finance corporation (ifc), has said two funds supported by it are ...

the reserve bank of india s decision to treat authorisations, licences and rights - which are provided as collateral while ...

the us treasury and financial regulators are clashing with each other over how to disclose results from the stress tests of 19 us ...

investment by indian public and private limited companies abroad in joint ventures (jvs) and wholly owned subsidiaries (wos) ...

gruh finance, a subsidiary of the largest housing finance company in the country hdfc , has reported a 10.24 per cent rise in net ...

the state-run lender had in february started offering loans at a concessional rate of eight per cent to farmers against cold ...

the rbi today tightened the prudential norms for unsecured loans and asked banks to treat the value of all rights, licences and ...

ending the confusion over provisioning for stressed assets taken up for special restructuring, the reserve bank of ...

for the first time since the global credit crisis intensified in september 2008, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has turned a net ...

applying for a loan check if you ve paid your telephone bill or insurance premium first. soon, your loan proposals will ...

in its first-quarter earnings review, citi estimated its total net credit losses (ncl) from the international consumer credit ...

the indian rupee today rose marginally by nine paise to 49.68 against the greenback in early trade on fresh capital inflows by ...

the us federal reserve and other regulators conducting stress tests on the 19 biggest us banks will disclose how they carried out ...

private equity players have made investments of $230 million in the microfinance sector in the last two years and the outlook for ...

the government has proposed a salary of rs 80,000 per month for insurance ombudsmen on the pattern of high court judges, whose ...

benchmark 10-year yields fell to a one-month low after a commerce ministry report today showed wholesale prices posted their ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) committee, which was evaluating the performance of third-party ...

hsbc on thursday announced the appointment of naina lal kidwai as country head and group general manager of hsbc india. before ...

with financial markets being swamped by liquidity, banks and primary dealers are latching onto state government bonds, which ...

hsbc india chief naina lal kidwai on thursday said that the bank s consumer retail portfolio is likely to remain flat this ...

state bank of india has agreed to lend vodafone-essar, the joint venture between uk s vodafone and essar, rs 10,000 crore ...

in the great depression of the 1930s the us government had a great deal of trouble maintaining its commitment to economic ...

indian restructured loans may jump as much as eight times as companies and lenders take advantage of a relaxation in central bank ...

future generali, the joint venture between italy-based generali group and the biyani-led future group, has earned a new business ...

public sector idbi bank chairman and managing director yogesh agarwal today supported the idea of consolidation in the indian ...

india s largest lender state bank of india today said that it is considering a cut in its benchmark prime lending rate ...

the indian rupee depreciated by 18 paise to 50.06 against the us currency in early trade today on raised concerns of fresh ...

kolkata-based allahabad bank is expecting more than 20 per cent growth in business for the financial year 2009-10. the bank was ...

state co-operative banks (scbs) are likely to be burdened with higher non-performing assets (npas) for the financial years ...

religare enterprises, the diversified financial services company promoted by malvinder singh and family, is in talks with global ...

bonds fell, reversing earlier gains, on speculation investors will demand higher yields at a debt sale this week, the third this ...

for the fourth consecutive day, banks parked over rs 1,00,000 crore with the reserve bank of india (rbi) through the reverse repo ...

the rupee appreciated to a seven-week high against the us dollar on flow of funds from foreign institutional investors (fiis) and ...

standard and poor s today said that there is room for more business models in the credit rating industry, but the regulator ...

the industrial commercial bank of china (icbc), the world s largest lender by market value, has said it is also ...

lic housing finance (lichf) is planning to raise fresh equity capital through qualified institutional placement (qip). the ...

state bank of india, the country s largest lender, has decided to extend the special offer for auto and home loans till ...

the supreme court today rejected a petition filed by investment banker nimesh n kampani seeking quashing of criminial proceedings ...

the indian rupee appreciated by 14 paise to trade below 50 level at 49.88 against the us currency in early trade today, on ...

the public sector idbi bank said today it will start operations in dubai, singapore and beijing to establish its presence abroad ...

the public sector union bank of india has projected a business growth of 30 per cent in orissa in the current fiscal. it aims to ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has extended assistance to the tune of rs 8,188 crore to punjab, ...

public sector idbi bank today said it will start operations in dubai, singapore and beijing to establish its presence abroad and ...

goldman sachs group inc, by selling stock to help it repay $10 billion to the us treasury, might pressure competitors to follow ...

the dollar posted its biggest weekly gain versus the euro in more than two months on optimism that the worst of the financial ...

state bank of india, the country s largest lender, today decided to freeze interest rates on certain term loans and working ...

public sector lender punjab national bank (pnb) has expanded its international operations with the opening of a new branch in ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is in the process of establishing a data warehouse that will contain ...

in what would provide a major relief to banks who are plagued with fears of rising defaults and bad debt, the bombay high court ...

india s foreign exchange reserves increased $2.8 billion to $255.16 billion for the week ended april 10 largely due to ...

according to the latest data released by the reserve bank of india (rbi) today, incremental credit flow to the commercial sector ...

the adjusted premium equivalent (ape) grew by 23 per cent from rs 1,051.67 crore in the year 2007-08 to rs 1,292.98 crore for the ...

the banking sector, which had seen good set of numbers in the third quarter, is likely to report subdued earnings in the fourth ...

idbi bank is planning to raise capital worth rs 5,000 crore through senior, upper and lower tier ii bonds in 2009-10 to shore up ...

country s largest commercial vehicle maker tata motors, which is seeking a $2 billion term loan for refinancing the bridge ...

with terrorism reinsurance rates escalating by seven to eight times, the board of control for cricket in india (bcci) may have to ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has posted a gross surplus of rs 2,095 crore for 2008-09, as ...

industry captains today urged the reserve bank of india (rbi) to take further steps, including a cut in the reverse repo rate, to ...

real estate company shriram properties, promoted by chennai-based shriram global entropolis, will invest about rs 1,400 crore ...

the private sector has invested rs 33,161 crore in three southern metros in the last four years, compared with rs 14,240 crore in ...

the total business of rs 3,240 crore achieved by the bank in orissa includes rs 2267 crore of advances and deposits worth rs 905 ...

unitech ltd, the country s second-biggest real estate developer, plans to raise as much as $250 million (rs 1,250 crore) ...

commercial banks could witness a sudden rise in savings as risk-aversion would encourage people to save more, according to anshu ...

international finance corporation (ifc), the world bank arm that provides funding for the private sector in developing countries, ...

us federal reserve officials are conducting an internal review of bank supervision aimed at improving regulators response ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is working on new guidelines for selling insurance products through ...

the bank clocked a 29 per cent growth in loan disbursements over fy 2007-08, when it disbursed rs 38,660 crore, a bank release ...

a day after the reserve bank of india (rbi) governor s meeting with bank chiefs, public sector lenders state bank of india ...

the heydays for investment bankers are certainly over for now. with the economic slowdown engulfing corporates globally and ...

jp morgan chase, goldman sachs and the eight other banks that have dominated the credit-default swaps (cds) market for a decade ...

standard chartered bank has decided to go slow in disbursing unsecured loans to small and medium enterprises (smes), after ...

despite the global financial meltdown which is forcing firms to take a relook on their budget outlay, indian cios are open to ...

private equity (pe) investments into india for the quarter ended march 2009 has dropped by a whopping 87 per cent to $526 ...

despite banks disbursing nearly rs 79,500 crore during the second half of march, credit growth slowed down to 17.27 per cent ...

reserve bank of india governor d subbarao told bankers on wednesday that though inflation, as measured by the wholesale price ...

bankers on wednesday told the reserve bank of india (rbi) that it will be difficult to make significant cuts in lending rates for ...

the west bengal-based bandhan, one of the largest micro-finance institutions (mfis) in the non-banking financial company space, ...

when banks were falling like ninepins in the us, india was not far behind with two lenders going belly-up for every five in the ...

public sector banks (psbs) may have to deal with higher provisioning on a total outstanding amount of around rs 25,000 crore ...

state bank of india, visakhapatnam, registered a 79 per cent growth in net profit during the financial year 2008-09 to rs 277 ...

swiss private bankers are likely to reduce their exposure to wealthy indian clients as they cut down their discreet banking ...

bankers today expressed fears that non-performing assets (npa) are likely to go up and credit growth may moderate in 2009-10 in ...

west bengal-based bandhan, one of the largest micro-finance institution (mfi) in the non-banking finance company (nbfc) space, is ...

in sync with the steep fall in equity markets, the indian rupee also slid to quote at 50.59 60, down 55 paise, against the ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard), west bengal, has topped in fund mobilisation among regional offices ...

the west bengal state cooperative bank (wbscb) has sought more autonomy in opening branches in coochbehar, north 24-parganas and ...

the working group formed at the behest of the g20 leaders to review the ongoing economic crisis has recommended that the ...

stung by rising non-performing assets (15 per cent in some cases), several banks have now started issuing cards linked to fixed ...

insurers are joining hands to set up a health insurance council, an industry lobby which is aimed at clearing the hurdles for ...

british banking major royal bank of scotland has said it will slash as many as 9,000 jobs worldwide in the coming days, including ...

ahead of the annual monetary policy, reserve bank governor d subbarao will meet heads of leading indian banks here tomorrow to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is averse to monetising the fiscal deficit as a measure to push private investment and sagging ...

at a time when crackdown on tax havens have acquired a political colour, data shows that swiss banks held securities worth $3.35 ...

the indian insurance sector is lacking adequate specialised skilled professionals in areas like actuarial science and treasury ...

interim pension regulator pfrda will take up with the new government the matter of tax exemption on withdrawal of money under the ...

investors are depending on banks more than at any time in at least 60 years to lead the us out of the longest earnings slump ...

treasury secretary timothy geithner said he s prepared to oust executives and directors at banks that require ...

with the stock markets continuing to be volatile, brokers may have to shell out 20-25 per cent more in premiums for getting a ...

the corpus of rural housing fund (rhf), a scheme set up by the national housing bank (nhb) to provide refinance for rural ...

state-owned lender state bank of india has given a return of 9.7 per cent on provident fund deposits, which is over half a ...

the crisis of confidence due to the global financial meltdown in september 2008 seems to have encouraged depositors to move their ...

at a time when private equity players are finding it difficult to raise resources, the country s largest bank, state bank ...

the global financial crisis appears to have claimed a new casualty the persian gulf dream of creating a common arab market in ...

with low credit demand, the system is flush with liquidity with banks parking close to rs 1,22,000 crore with the reserve bank of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) said on monday that the government s borrowing programme would be substantially higher in ...

india along with japan and china is among the top five countries in the asia-pacific region with the highest number of merger and ...

global private equity fund-raising has hit a low of $45.9 billion in the first three months of calendar 2009, the smallest amount ...

india should closely monitor the foreign exchange reserves, which was 248 billion usd in 2008-09 compared to 309 billion usd the ...

the other three private fund mangers, including hsbc amc, icici pru amc and reliance amc, gave a yield of 8.5, nine and 9.1 per ...

money transfer services provider western union financial has tied up with 8,500 post offices in the country to penetrate into the ...

the indian rupee appreciated by another 41 paise to almost one month high of 49.93 against the us currency in early trade today ...

the sbi mutual fund, the leading fund house of the country, expects to mobilise rs 12 crore from orissa for its newly launched ...

loans at a discount to the benchmark prime lending rates (bplr) of banks are back with a majority of the fresh loans being ...

the government and the reserve bank of india (rbi) have different takes on participatory notes (pns), through which the ...

national housing bank (nhb), which regulates and lends to housing finance institutions, said it was in talks with indian ...

with inflation nearing zero and signs of economic revival, bankers today hinted at cutting lending rates by 0.5 per cent and ...

lawrence summers, director of president barack obama s national economic council, earned millions working at a hedge fund ...

banks may find it difficult to reduce interest rates unless yields on ten-year government bonds came down, according to k v ...

pnb chief says sbi, icici bank have room for rate cuts...

without naming the state bank of india (sbi) and the icici bank, india s third largest lender punjab national bank cmd k c ...

the federal reserve s $1 trillion effort to restart the market for securities backed by loans is encountering resistance ...

high discounts forced by cut-throat competition, coupled with the economic slowdown, have taken a toll on the non-life insurance ...

india s foreign exchange reserves declined by $1.5 billion to $252.33 billion for the week ended march 27, 2009, mainly due ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) governor, d subbarao, said the global economic downturn would be deeper and recovery would take ...

icici prudential life insurance managing director and ceo shikha sharma is likely to stay back at the financial services group ...

there has been very little action in terms of buyback of foreign currency convertible bonds (fccbs) since december last year, ...

rising default rate coupled with high cost of funds have dealt a severe blow to non-banking financial companies (nbfc) in the ...

the only good news whispered among geneva s financiers, who are reeling from billions of dollars lost to bernard madoff and ...

it s going to be a four-day weekend for the officers of five associate banks of sbi state bank of hyderabad, state ...

the insurer has collected a renewal premium of rs 430 crore, or 6 per cent of the total renewal premium amount, via the internet ...

s narayanmurthy, senior vice-president (underwriting and product development), bharti axa general insurance, said the ...

at a time when the slowdown-hit life insurance industry was struggling to show signs of revival, data on new business premium ...

axis bank, the country s third-largest private sector lender, and bank of rajasthan, an old-generation lender, today ...

using third-party automated teller machines (atms) may be free now, but withdrawing cash from these machines has not been easy in ...

the west bengal government has urged the union government to include power projects in the rural infrastructure development fund ...

european central bank president jean-claude trichet said policy makers are ready to lower their benchmark interest rate further, ...

distributors of the tata motors fixed deposit (fd) scheme are now wooing the unsuccessful applicants of tata ...

with the hardening of yields becoming an issue in recent times, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has removed the restriction on ...

this is the last of a four-part series on how to strike the best deals in auto and home loans, fixed deposits and insurance ...

however, the cut has been lower than expected, amid the economies in the region battling a ravaging financial turmoil. interest ...

leading private-sector lender, axis bank today reduced its benchmark prime lending rate (plr) by 0.5 per cent with immediate ...

country s second largest state-owned lender punjab national bank (pnb) today said that there is more scope for cut in lending ...

reinsurance major swiss re will be cutting over 1,100 jobs or about 10 per cent of its global workforce, as part of cost saving ...

in order to provide an added facility of car finance to its customers, tata motors has entered into an understanding with canara ...

the us justice department has launched about 100 criminal investigations into major american investors of swiss banking giant ...

the officers of five associate banks of sbi - state bank of hyderabad, mysore, travancore, patiala and bikaner and jaipur will go ...

having notched up record disbursements, small industries development bank of india (sidbi) is now turning its attention to ...

with the international reinsurance market hardening, general insurers are focusing on general insurance corporation (gic) ...

india inc, renewing their insurance policies, have not been offered any further discounts by the insurance companies. insurers ...

taxpayers will not have to pay the levy on withdrawal of cash from banks with the government withdrawing the banking cash ...

the ongoing recession has encouraged indian consumers to use debit cards more than credit cards. at least this is what becomes ...

india s largest private sector lender icici bank has repurchased and extinguished bonds worth $90 million. the bonds were ...

venture-capital investment in so-called green technology companies dropped 48 per cent in the first quarter as the recession ...

this is the third of a four-part series on how to strike the best deals in auto and home loans, fixed deposits and insurance ...

nabard has exceeded its refinance target by rs 37 crore, to rs 522 crore last fiscal, said p mohanaih, chief general manager, ...

srei infrastructure finance (sifl) may pull out of the proposed 23-km metro rail project in colombo due to the political unrest ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today issued guidelines on renewability of health insurance policies ...

with the global financial crisis deepening and migrant workers losing jobs, remittances from non-resident indians (nris) could ...

with the global financial crisis deepening and migrant workers losing jobs, remittances from non-resident indians (nri) could ...

indusind bank has launched an online remittance product indus fast remit to assist the us-based non-residential ...

bharti axa general insurance company has received regulatory approval for its smarthealth insurance, an individual health ...

mumbai, apr 1 (pti) state-run lender corporation bank today joined the league of 12 other public sector lenders in cutting its ...

the currency and money markets will not be open for trading today as banks close their accounts for the financial year, which ...

banks issuing loans to professionals and students pursuing professional courses have taken a hit due to lay offs and declining ...

pending the signing of the tripartite agreement with the orissa government and small industries development bank of india ...

for the first time in over a decade, india reported a capital account deficit during the third quarter of the current financial ...

a foreign bank has finally reduced its interest rate. citibank today said that it will lower its home loan rates by 50 basis ...

the window operated through idbi bank s stressed asset stabilisation fund (sasf), these finance companies are permitted to ...

american international group (aig), the company rescued four times by the us government, is being probed by all 50 state ...

indian companies raised $452 million through the external commercial borrowing (ecb) route in february. this is the lowest level ...

india s largest private sector lender icici bank is slowing down its credit card business and has cut its card base over ...

voicing concern over the global recession, g-20 finance ministers have asked their central banks to adopt aggressive and ...

despite the hardening of yields on government paper in the fourth quarter, bank treasury profits are unlikely to be hit hard for ...

inter-bank call money rate ended up on tuesday led by a strong demand for meeting two-day reserve needs amid reluctance by banks ...

the rupee has ended what would be one the most volatile financial years for the currency and foreign exchange dealers are ...

mutual funds started purchasing certificates of deposit (cds) issued by banks on tuesday on expectations that interest rates will ...

the indian rupee today recovered sharply by 48 paise to close at 50.70 71 against the greenback following firm equity markets ...

foreign lender, citibank today cut its mortgage prime rate (mpr) by 0.5 per cent to 13.75 per cent with immediate effect.

public sector banks, barring the big lenders state bank of india (sbi), punjab national bank (pnb) and a few others, would get ...

private sector lender icici bank in association with south-east asian air-carrier singapore airlines today launched the ...

agencies handling security and investigation have put forward the proposal of bringing private banks under the laws that govern ...

the small industries development bank of india (sidbi) today said it is looking at foreign borrowings to the tune of $700-900 ...

sbi mutual funds, the joint venture between state bank of india and societe general amc (france), plans to launch ...

the indian rupee appreciated by 18 paise against the us currency in early trade today on expectations of fresh capital inflows by ...

the committee on financial sector assessment (csfa) today said the government should frame a new act to strengthen the regulation ...

the committee on financial sector assessment (cfsa), headed by reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor rakesh mohan, has ...

the committee on financial sector assessment has proposed the setting up of one or two government-sponsored secondary mortgage ...

rates in the secondary market fell 25-30 basis points as investors such as banks and insurance companies bought certificate of ...

the financial sector assessment report, prepared by the reserve bank of india (rbi) and the central government, has favoured the ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) may allow life insurers to introduce universal life ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has directed all domestic life insurance companies to tighten their ...

the visakhapatnam cooperative bank is planning to open a couple of more branches in the state during the next financial year ...

indian life insurers are more concerned about the distribution network while their counterparts globally are worried about their ...

despite the negative impact of the downturn on the growth of credit, the public sector oriental bank of commerce, is targeting to ...

volatility in exchange rates and heightened risk of defaults have forced indian banks to start charging margins for booking ...

in an effort to encourage entry of foreign institutional investors (fiis) in india, the reserve bank of india (rbi) committee on ...

bank of america corp plans to increase some investment bankers salaries by as much as 70 per cent following the takeover ...

while union bank has cut its plr from 12.50 per cent to 12 per cent, dena bank has slashed its rate from 12.75 per cent to 12.50 ...

the export-import bank of china (china exim) and icici bank, have signed a loan agreement for usd 98-million under the two-step ...

the country s second largest private life insurer, sbi life insurance, today projected its new premium growth to be around 30 per ...

kolkata-based allahabad bank has entered into an agreement with uae exchange financial services for inward money transfer ...

the indian rupee today plunged by 60 paise to end below 51 to the greenback after a gap of six trading days, at 51.18 19, ...

mangalore-headquartered public sector lender corporation bank is proposing to raise rs 400 crore by issuing lower tier-ii bonds ...

the banking institutions issuing loans to the corporate professionals and students pursuing professional courses have received a ...

the government today approved restructuring of state-owned united bank of india s capital, which includes reduction in paid-up ...

credit rating agency icra and indusind bank (ib) have signed an agreement under which icra would assign ratings to ib s loans ...

the indian rupee breached the 51 level in the morning trade as oil refiners stepped up dollar buying at the month-end amid weak ...

the indian rupee depreciated by 33 paise to 50.91 against the us currency in early trade today on fears of weak opening on the ...

as financial year 2008-09 draws to an end, banks have started paring their exposure to mutual fund instruments, especially liquid ...

the much-awaited credit card from the life insurance corporation (lic)-corporation bank stable is likely to hit the market in the ...

come april 1 and you need not have to sweat it out looking for an atm of your own bank as you can use atms of your choice without ...

state bank of india, india s largest lender, may cut interest rates in the new financial year on the back of a ...

prime minister manmohan singh today informed industry leaders that he has asked the reserve bank to look into the issue of high ...

public sector lender, central bank of india, today said that it has reduced its benchmark prime lending rate by 0.50 per cent to ...

india s foreign exchange reserves went up by $5.1 billion to $253.83 billion during the week-ended march 20, 2009, mainly ...

two weeks after the reserve bank of india (rbi) announced its last set of monetary measures, four public sector lenders ...

state-run lenders oriental bank of commerce (obc) and allahabad bank today announced cut in their prime lending rates (plr) by 50 ...

the bank is cutting its prime lending rate by 50 basis points from 12.50 per cent to 12 per cent effective april 1, a ...

punjab national bank, the country s second largest state-run lender, today said there is no further scope for the banks to slash ...

state bank of india (sbi) has identified 133 branches in the bengal circle, comprising, sikkim, andaman and nibobar islands and ...

the rupee strengthened as investors based abroad added to their local equity holdings for the seventh day in a row the ...

united bank of india (ubi) has restructured 15000 accounts, with outstanding amount of rs 1,600 crore in the last three-four ...

mutual funds sold shorter-tenure papers in the secondary market as most of them faced redemptions from banks today, dealers said. ...

the government on thursday said it would borrow rs 2,41,000 crore during the first six months of the next financial year, which ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) governor said on thursday that there is a cost to any further fiscal stimulus package as ...

shriram transport finance (stfl), the largest asset finance company in the country, expects growth in total disbursement for the ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic), the country s largest life insurer, posted a 21 per cent on year fall in new ...

the gujarat high court has criticised the practice of government nominating members of political parties as non-official ...

as the bank is making profit, we have sought the permission from the rbi to declare dividend for 2007-08 , said deepak ...

icici bank on thursday said it will take a call on cutting interest rates in a few weeks. icici will look into interest ...

life insurers are pushing big-ticket insurance policies not just to meet the year-end rush, but also to take advantage of the ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) will soon start inspecting life insurers records with regards to ...

union bank of india has raised an additional capital of rs 140 crore by issue of subordinated perpetual bonds, the bank informed ...

a day after the us president, barack obama refuted the idea of a global currency, the white house said dollar would be the ...

the indian rupee appreciated marginally by 10 paise against the us currency in opening trade today on expectations of increased ...

in a move that will help improve the financial health of banks, the reserve bank of india on wednesday issued fresh norms for the ...

to meet the solvency requirement as per the irda norms, improve information technology infrastructure and human resources ...

the hindujas-promoted indusind bank is targeting a credit growth of over 20 per cent during the next financial year, but it will ...

the private equity (pe) arm of aditya birla group plans to raise about $2 billion in pe capital within the next five years. ...

national insurance company (nic) is eyeing a marginal growth of 7 per cent in premium collection this fiscal, despite the fact ...

public sector banks (psbs) are making a beeline for the bond market with issuances of tier-ii capital bonds, subordinated debt ...

the indian rupee depreciated by another 28 paise to 50.98 against the us currency in opening trade today on fears of weak opening ...

hdfc, the country s largest mortgage player, today announced a 50 basis point reduction in its retail prime lending rate to ...

certificates of deposit rates rose by 20 basis points today because of continuous supply from banks to meet their deposit ...

non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) that do not accept deposits could get some more time to meet higher capital adequacy ratio ...

the union bank of india has said that its net profit for the fourth quarter will not be as buoyant as the previous three quarters ...

the government has summoned nine public sector bank chiefs to discuss the liquidity and interest rate scenario and credit flow to ...

besides, special clearing (with return clearing on the same day) shall be conducted in the evening night of march 30 and 31, with ...

icici bank, the country s second largest lender, today said it plans to raise rs 1,200 crore through the issue of upper tier-ii ...

private sector lender hdfc bank today toppled icici bank as the country s most valued private sector bank, after its shares ...

state bank of india (sbi) would be charging around 11.75-12 per cent for financing the world s cheapest car, the tata nano. ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc), the country s largest mortgage player, today announced a 50 basis point ...

china s central bank said it wants to replace the us dollar as the international reserve currency with a new system run by the ...

the indian rupee rose by 23 paise to 50.22 against the us currency in early trade today on hopes that foreign funds will pump ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) special and open market operations (omo) have resulted in around rs 1,60,000 crore ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has said that it will ensure that the government s market borrowings would be conducted in ...

kolkata-based srei infrastructure finance is planning to raise $100 million through the secured external commercial borrowing ...

the government has issued oil bonds worth rs 10,000 crore to the three oil marketing companies (omcs) to compensate for their ...

monetisation of sovereign debt, which is just like printing money to fill the gap in government finances, is being proposed as a ...

as a part of its rs 5,000-crore incremental borrowing plan for the next financial year, hyderabad-based sks microfinance is ...

the country s third-largest lender punjab national bank (pnb) has said that it targeting a growth of 20 per cent in credit ...

this is about 80.18 percent (number wise) and about 168.64 percent (volume wise) higher than the previous month. the ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is talking to various state governments in a bid to bring their ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is planning to insist on the setting up of an asset and ...

with private and foreign banks scaling down their lending activity and equity and overseas sources of capital drying up, the ...

ing groep nv, the first dutch bank to tap a government rescue package, asked 1,200 workers including its 200 top ...

nearly two-thirds of the $61-billion decline in india s foreign exchange reserves was on account of valuation losses, ...

banks are parking funds not just in securities qualifying for maintenance of statutory liquidity ratio (slr), but also in mutual ...

treasury secretary timothy geithner announced late yesterday a new $500-billion federal program to remove from bank balance ...

kolkata-based srei infrastructure finance is planning raise $ 100 million as secured external commercial borrowing (ecb) ...

the reserve bank of india plans to come up with an approach paper soon to encourage migration of high-value cheques clearing ...

officers of the country largest lender the state bank of india have decided to go on a two-day nationwide strike from april 8 to ...

we have been cautious (in lending) to over-leveraged sectors... we expect credit growth of 20 per cent in the next ...

abn amro bank, a subsidiary undertaking of the royal bank of scotland group, today said that madan menon will be the interim ...

the indian rupee appreciated by 14 paise to 50.49 against the us currency in opening trade today on hopes of increased capital ...

canara bank and passenger car maker maruti suzuki india ltd have entered into a tie-up arrangement, under which the bank will ...

as the general election process starts this week with filing of nomination papers for the first phase, state governments are ...

private life insurance player, icici prudential life insurance company, has partnered hyderabad-based startup talentsprint to ...

icici prudential life insurance company, has partnered hyderabad-based startup talentsprint to offer a full-time six-month ...

the government-owned idbi bank said it is negotiating with other entities to give national carrier air india a loan of $1-billion ...

bank muscat today said it has sold 81 per cent of its stake in india s second largest private sector lender hdfc bank and has ...

the dollar dropped the most against the currencies of six major us trading partners since the plaza accord almost a ...

citigroup, bank of america and jpmorgan chase co, recipients of more than $100 billion in us rescue funds, have criticised ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) expects its investible corpus to increase by 25 per cent to rs 2,00,000 crore next ...

the chief executives of the america s three financial majors, including citigroup, have criticised legislation that would levy 90 ...

a us federal appeals court has rejected the plea of bernard l madoff, accused of defrauding investors of $65 billion in a ponzi ...

citigroup inc s ceo vikram pandit has pushed back against efforts in washington to tax bonuses at financial companies that ...

the federal reserve s effort to unfreeze markets for securities backed by loans kicked off with requests for $4.7 billion ...

treasury 10-year notes headed for the biggest weekly rally since december, after the federal reserve s plan to buy as much ...

the rupee completed the biggest weekly gain since december on speculation that the sliding us bond rates will spur global ...

citigroup today said gary crittenden will become the chairman of citi holdings, while global banking chief edward ned kelly will ...

india s foreign exchange reserves rose by $1.43 billion to $248.72 billion for the week ended march 13, 2009, on account of ...

the rbi s credit policy is significant as it comes amid fears of further deterioration in the global economy and its consequent ...

managing sales and distribution is the biggest challenge for indian insurers, while globally it is strong investment performance, ...

the indian rupee strengthened by 32 paise to 50.06 against the greenback in early trade today on fresh dollar selling and gradual ...

in order to stop squandering of client funds, the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) is planning to issue new norms ...

reserve bank of india governor d subbarao today said that all signs pointed to retail payments being the drivers of the future ...

with the inflation measured by the wholesale price index (wpi) ruling close to zero, real interest rates have shot up to around ...

by committing to buy treasuries and double his purchases of mortgage debt, federal reserve chairman ben s bernanke signaled his ...

the royal bank of scotland (rbs), which operates in india under the abn amro brand, said today that it intended to retain a few ...

hit by the downturn, the total business of sbi factors has shrunk by more than 30 per cent during 2008-09 to around rs 1,200 ...

troubled insurance giant american international group s (aig) chairman and chief executive has asked its employees to return at ...

ncr corporation, a technology company listed on the new york stock exchange, has entered an agreement with axis bank to provide ...

the indian rupee soared by 30 paise against the us currency to trade at a three-week high in early trade on dollar selling by ...

with a view to meet the credit requirement of the small and medium enterprises (smes) and enable them to face the adverse impact ...

the all india bank officers confederation wants the regional rural banks to be merged with the sponsor banks. the aiboc ...

public sector uco bank on wednesday launched retail loan shoppe in lucknow for centralised and time-bound processing of loan ...

international monetary fund (imf) on wednesday said that the indian banking entities, which grew the asset books rapidly, have ...

in a move seen as broadening the field of potential successors to ceo josef ackermann, deutsche bank ag has appointed four ...

japan bank for international co-operation (jbic), a japanese governmental financial aid institution, will extend credit up to ...

rates on certificates of deposit (cds) rose for the third straight day on wednesday because of banks year-end rush to ...

leading global management consultancy firm ernst young (e y) has said that most indian companies may divest their ...

the current global financial crisis has forced uk s financial services authority (fsa) to tighten its grip over the ...

punjab national bank (pnb), the country s second largest state-run lender, has signed a bancassurance agreement with life ...

icici bank, the country s biggest private lender, is believed to be exploring ways of hiving off its atm management and points of ...

dhanalakshmi bank, one of the traditional old-generation private banks based in kerala, plans to recruit 1,000 professionals and ...

aig boss edward liddy was set today to take the hot-seat in front of furious us lawmakers as a political firestorm rages over ...

the indian rupee appreciated by 15 paise against the us currency in opening trade today on expectations of increased capital ...

susan woodward isn t renewing the lease on her music boutique and internet cafe in jackson hole, wyoming, after nine years. ...

chairman ben s bernanke and federal reserve policy makers may have to ramp up their purchases of mortgage securities and other ...

rating agency icra has suspended its creditworthiness rating on ansal properties and infrastructure ltd (apil) after the real ...

the share of government banks in auto finance has increased significantly in the last few months. in some cases, it has nearly ...

following in the footsteps of other public sector banks, mumbai-based bank of india (boi) on tuesday cut its benchmark prime ...

economic affairs secretary ashok chawla on tuesday said there was no need to hike the statutory liquidity ratio (slr) for banks ...

the rupee traded near this month s high as weekly share purchases by overseas investors exceeded sales for the first time ...

concerns over a huge supply of paper drove yields of government bonds higher on tuesday. dealers said yields on gilts closed up ...

persistent issuance of certificates of deposit (cds) by banks to shore up their deposit-base ahead of the year-end accounts ...

as companies with high debt succumb to repayment pressure, the investment banking industry is looking for opportunities where ...

as a part of rs 1,800 crore recapitalisation scheme, seven regional rural banks (rrbs) across the country are likely to get rs ...

at a time when venture capitalists (vcs) are diversifying into sectors other than technology, qualcomm ventures the ...

expecting restrictions on bonus payments, citigroup and morgan stanley are looking for ways to sidestep the tough new ...

state bank of india (sbi) today entered into an agreement with it-solutions provider 3i infotech to implement anti money ...

the country s second largest state-run lender, punjab national bank, has no immediate plans to further reduce lending rates, ...

bank muscat today said it has sold 40 per cent of its stake in india s second largest private sector lender hdfc bank and would ...

us insurance giant aig s plan to give massive bonuses of $165 million to its executives has drawn flak from the white house ...

the indian rupee today appreciated by nearly 10 paise to 51.30 32 against the american currency in late morning deals on dollar ...

banks continued to issue certificates of deposit (cds) today to meet their year-end deposit targets, while demand from mutual ...

lic housing finance (lichf) has announced a reduction of 75 basis points in its home loan rates for existing customers across all ...

crisil has lowered the long-term rating outlook on citibank india and three other indian affiliates from stable to negative, ...

the rupee today gained 12 paise against the us dollar to close at 51.40, the highest level this month, mainly due to the rise in ...

federal reserve chairman ben s bernanke said the biggest risk to an economic recovery is a shortage of political ...

citigroup and bank of america reduced their dividend payouts a few weeks ago as the banking sector globally has suffered a ...

standard chartered bank announced today the appointment of sreeram iyer to the newly-created position of chief operating officer, ...

the kolkata based uco bank has decided to set up 7 rural self employment training institutes (rsetis) in orissa. these institutes ...

it has been decided to extend the date for completing the entire procedure for buyback of fccbs from march 31, 2009 to ...

leading public sector lender punjab national bank (pnb) has incurred mark-to-market losses to the tune of rs 150-200 crore in the ...

swiss banking major ubs ag today said it will replace three members of its board of directors, including the longest serving ...

we have cut lending rates for existing customers by (75 basis points) from april 1. we have seen our cost of funds coming ...

indian banks may face rising non-performing assets (npa) in the next fiscal because of the economic slowdown, financial services ...

standard chartered bank today said that it has appointed sreeram iyer as the chief operating officer (coo) for its india ...

the hinduja group-owned amas bank (switzerland) today said it has changed its name to hinduja bank to show the group s increased ...

the indian rupee today turned weak after a strong start and depreciated by nine paise against the us currency on some dollar ...

american international group inc, the insurer saved from collapse by a $170 billion taxpayer bailout, was ordered by the us ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to issue a new direction, making it mandatory for all public sector banks to seek ...

we have been profitable for the first two months of the year, lewis told reporters after delivering a speech in ...

the american international group (aig) plans to pay about $165 million in bonuses even though the troubled insurance giant ...

concerned over banks not improving the credit flow to the industry despite stimulus packages, cabinet secretary k m chandrasekhar ...

the reserve bank of india has extended the deadline for completing buyback of foreign currency convertible bonds by nine months ...

in a bid to know about available solvency margins and bring in more transparency in terms of corporate governance, the insurance ...

the merger process of the two kerala-based private banks catholic syrian bank (csb) and the federal bank is ...

government bonds jumped the most in two months after the central bank rejected all bids at a government debt auction, stoking ...

as part of its efforts to provide support to sectors and firms hit by credit crunch and fall in demand, the international finance ...

india s foreign exchange reserves declined by $1.98 billion to $247.29 billion in the week ended march 6, 2009, on account ...

with the financial year drawing to a close, bank credit flow has seen a revival of sorts with advances during the fortnight-ended ...

india s foreign exchange reserves declined by $1.98 billion to $247.29 billion for the week ended march 6, 2009, on account ...

financial services major citigroup is preparing to nominate four financial experts to be directors as part of its efforts to ...

moving in tandem with the equity markets, the indian rupee today appreciated sharply by 35 paise to close at 51.51 52 against the ...

idg ventures india and microsoft india today announced a funding programme under which the former intends to invest up to rs 100 ...

the indian rupee today appreciated by 16 paise against the us currency in opening trade, following selling of dollars by banks ...

ifast corporation, the holding company of ifast financial (hk) and fundsupermart hk, has entered into a pact with ing insurance ...

citing a need for legal knowledge and skills, banks have shot down a proposal by the institute of chartered accountants of india ...

there are no takers for short-term loans against securities through the special liquidity window for non-banking finance ...

three general insurers missed out on their rural obligations, while three more missed fulfiling social obligations as spelled out ...

state-owned export credit guarantee corporation of india (ecgc) has seen an increase in insurance claims by exporters as defaults ...

with the real estate sector showing little signs of revival despite several steps taken by the government and the central bank so ...

as part of a rs 5,000 crore borrowing plan for the next fiscal, hyderabad-based sks microfinance is planning to raise rs 500 ...

speaking to reporters after launching the company s regional office in chennai, m balachandran, chairman, star union ...

banks globally will have to hold more capital in the future as a cushion against losses, the basel committee on banking ...

primary issuances of certificates of deposit remained high on thursday as banks rushed to raise funds in anticipation of a rise ...

at a time when inflation is touching new lows, the yield on the 10-year government bonds moved up sharply to close at the 7 per ...

standard poor s, moody s investors service, fitch ratings and other big credit-rating companies are obeying a ...

public sector lender central bank of india has frozen lending rate on new housing loans up to rs 20 lakh at eight per cent for a ...

the indian rupee appreciated by 38 paise against the us currency in early trade today on expectations of fresh capital inflows by ...

asia aluminum holdings ltd. bondholders formed a group to oppose a buyback proposal that may test the rights of foreign investors ...

ubs ag, switzerland s biggest bank, posted a 20.9 billion swiss franc ($18 billion) loss for 2008, more than initially ...

european bank for reconstruction and development (ebrd) president thomas mirow said the bank will offer support to ...

the state-owned idbi bank is in the process of recruiting 2,000 supervisory officers in the next six months to support the ...

soon, you may not have to worry about your lost wallet. a host of private insurance companies are taking a cue from their ...

state-owned idbi bank is in the process of recruiting 2,000 supervisory officers in the next six months to support the expansion ...

the world bank is likely to fund the rs 303 crore drinking water project for berhampur in south orissa. the scheme envisages ...

thrissur-based south indian bank (sib) is eyeing a total business of over rs 29,000 crore by the end of this fiscal year. the ...

federal reserve chairman ben s. bernanke urged a sweeping overhaul of u.s. financial regulations in an effort to smooth out the ...

kolkata-based allahabad bank is planning to raise rs 1,000 crore through bonds by the end of this month. out of this, the bank ...

european central bank council member axel weber said the ecb shouldn t cut its main interest rate below 1 per cent and that ...

citigroup inc chief executive officer vikram pandit said his bank is having the best quarter since 2007, when it last posted a ...

in an attempt to better serve its customers in the shipping and energy sectors in india as well as norwegian companies operating ...

indian companies planning premature buybacks of their foreign currency convertible bonds (fccbs) are finding it difficult to get ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) expects its entrepreneur data management system (edms) to be functional in its ...

norwegian bank dnb nor today opened a representative office here to cater to its strong base of ship owning community besides ...

banking major citigroup has been profitable in the first two months of this year and reaped revenue of over $19 billion, a media ...

hedge funds and foreign currency convertible bonds (fccbs) are replacing real estate as popular offshore investment destinations ...

six months after declaring bankruptcy, us-based financial services firm lehman brothers has started closing its deals with indian ...

max new york life (mnyl) is looking at maintaining a double digit growth rate both in terms of premium collection and number of ...

uk 10-year gilt yields fell to the lowest level in at least 20 years amid evidence britain s banking woes are deepening as ...

faced with risks of losing business, urban cooperative banks (ucbs) have sought interest subsidy to provide support to export ...

the yen declined against the dollar, euro and swiss franc as japan posted its first trade deficit in 13 years, reducing the ...

the proposed infusion is to support the company s expansion plan and meet the target of rs 500 crore premium in 2009-10, ...

india has room to cut interest rates further, and it should quickly disburse funds related to the fiscal stimulus packages ...

allahabad bank, one of the oldest banks in the country, is planning to raise rs 1,000 crore through bonds by the end of this ...

the institute of chartered accountants of india (icai) has approached the finance ministry and the reserve bank of india (rbi), ...

icici prudential life insurance managing director and chief executive officer shikha sharma today put to an end to speculation ...

for the first time since the sector was opened up in 2000, the life insurance industry is expected to see a drop in premiums from ...

andrea orcel s reported $33.8 million compensation for 2008, a year when his employer, merrill lynch co, had net ...

in order to provide greater transparency and enable policyholders to take more informed decisions, the insurance regulatory and ...

american international group inc appealed for its fourth us rescue by telling regulators the company s collapse could ...

way2wealth, a retail brokerage of equities and commodities owned by coffee day holdings, has acquired prudential integrated ...

bank of america (bofa), which has received bailout funds worth $45-billion from the us federal government, has withdrawn job ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it would shortly issue rs 100 and rs 500 denomination notes with inset letter r , ...

public sector lender dena bank has reduced interest rate on new housing loans, fresh auto and trade finance loans by 25-50 basis ...

new-generation lender yes bank plans to disburse rs 1,800 crore towards agricultural credit by the end of 2008-09 fiscal compared ...

automobile major tata motors has entered into an agreement with state bank of patiala for financing its full range of passenger ...

the indian rupee inched up by three paise after opening weak against the us currency in late morning trade today on ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has released the first tranche of $250 million (about rs 1,250 crore) to iifc plc, the uk ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is considering a proposal to allow companies another six months to buy back or prepay their ...

the number of us bank failures is mounting with each week passing by as 17 lenders went belly up so far this year amid the ...

the government is proposing to inject rs 250 crore into the kolkata-based united bank of india (ubi) and simultaneously ...

betting big on the country s fast developing corporate sector, banking giant, state bank of india (sbi) has re-organised its ...

the reserve bank of india s task force on the diamond industry has asked banks to examine the possibility of providing ...

icici bank customers beware. you can no longer get away by using foul or unparliamentary language during your interaction with ...

bernard madoff, the alleged mastermind of a $50-billion ponzi scheme, may be nearing a guilty plea after federal prosecutors ...

merrill lynch co, the securities firm acquired by bank of america corp, said it uncovered an irregularity ...

the rupee declined for the third week in a row on concerns that prolonged financial turmoil and a deepening global economic slump ...

india s foreign exchange reserves declined by $249 million to $249.27 billion for the week ended february 27, 2008 on ...

the yield on 10-year government paper on friday touched a three-month high after the reserve bank of india (rbi) set a ...

banks have finally started cutting lending rates with icici bank, the country s second-largest private sector lender today ...

bangalore-based public sector lender vijaya bank today said it has no immediate plans to cut interest rates even though the ...

moving on fast track to salvage the small and medium enterprises, the banks have restructured loans worth rs 8,000 crore during ...

banks have finally started cutting lending rates with icici bank, the country s second largest private sector lender today ...

export-import bank of india (exim bank) hopes to ride on the back of an expected revival in the auto sector and is eyeing a 20 ...

the indian rupee gained 12 paise after a weak opening against the us currency in late morning trade today on expected central ...

a day after the reserve bank of india (rbi) cut its key interest rates, two public sector banks bank of baroda (bob) and ...

rates on short-term money market instruments fell in early trade after the reserve bank of india (rbi) cut interest rates ...

the reserve bank of india, contrary to its earlier view, has suggested supporting private infrastructure through government ...

tiruchy-based grama vidiyal microfinance (gvm), a non-banking finance company (nbfc), is planning to raise rs 300 crore capital ...

rupee dropped after the central bank cut interest rates for the second time this year and amid speculation that some companies ...

simple debt instruments have become investors favourite compared with complex and highly complex instruments. this has ...

oil and natural gas corporation (ongc) has started hunting for reinsurance companies to renew its annual insurance cover from ...

despite the uncertainty surrounding the indian premier league (ipl) dates, public sector insurer oriental insurance company (oic) ...

bank of england governor mervyn king will take the unprecedented step of printing money to buy assets after reducing the ...

private sector yes bank is planning to form an asset reconstruction company (arc) in partnership with a foreign lender and three ...

union bank of india today slashed its benchmark prime lending rate (plr) by 0.50 per cent to 12 per cent per annum, a day after ...

with economy slowing down and inflation falling to over six-year low, global financial institutions expect the reserve bank of ...

amidst volatility in the stock markets, private sector life insurer aviva india today said it is looking at the right way of ...

the indian rupee weakened by 11 paise to 51.65 66 after opening strong against the us currency in late morning trade in tune with ...

the indian rupee appreciated by 8 paise against the us currency in early trade today on expectations of firm opening of the ...

idfc, a leading lender to infrastructure projects in the country, aims to mobilise retail deposits in order to foster asset ...

short-term money market instruments rates rose 10-15 basis points today as demand from mutual funds fell on caution ahead ...

despite the current economic slowdown, new age private banker yes bank remains optimistic about its growth plans and hiring in ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has asked insurance companies to strictly adhere to anti-money ...

the proposed merger of federal bank and catholic syrian bank (csb) may be delayed, following the announcement of dates for ...

the yield on government bonds may dip following the reserve bank of india s decision to cut key interest rates, signalling ...

standard poor s ratings services has lowered the credit rating on india s largest private lender icici ...

singapore-based dbs bank said it was planning to open three more branches in india this calendar year. the bank, which started ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has cited global developments while announcing reduction in repo and the reverse repo rates by ...

home loans up to rs 30 lakh would now be at 8.25 per cent for the the first 12 months, 9.25 per cent for the next 48 months and ...

beleaguered investment bank merrill lynch has paid more than $10 million in cash and stock to its eleven top executives last ...

uco bank today announced reduction in the benchmark prime lending rate by 50 basis points from 13 per cent to 12.50 per cent a ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today sent fresh signals to banks to lower their lending and deposit rates by pruning the repo ...

continuing its fall for the eighth day in a row, the indian rupee today depreciated marginally to 52 a dollar in early trade ...

standard chartered bank has joined the race for acquiring royal bank of scotland s retail and commercial banking business, ...

stanchart india sees 37% surge in profit despite rising npas...

standard chartered bank india today said that its operating profit increased 37 per cent to $943 million (rs 4,914 crore) in 2008 ...

taking benefit of falling interest rates, automobile companies, which have been hit hard by a severe slump in demand in the last ...

when it comes to premium inflows, march is a key month for life insurance corporation of india (lic). however, the state-owned ...

the government is likely to borrow about rs 2.2 lakh crore in the first half of the next financial year, a senior finance ...

trade volumes in the secondary market rose as mutual funds preferred to remain cautious and deploy limited funds in the shorter ...

federal reserve chairman ben s bernanke said policy makers may need to expand aid to the banking system beyond the $700 billion ...

the oriental bank of commerce (obc) has rescheduled advances to the tune of rs 1,082 crore to avoid non-performing assets (npa), ...

weathering the financial storm, british banking major standard chartered has posted a 19 per cent rise in annual pre-tax profits ...

the rupee breached the 52-mark against the dollar for the first time on continued pressure from overseas investors who are ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) is rescheduling advances worth rs 1,082 crore to curtail its non-performing asset, which at ...

the indian rupee will bounce from its record low levle of close to rs 52 against the greenback and will gain about 10 per cent in ...

private sector lender yes bank today said that it has raised rs 154 crore of perpetual tier-i capital through private placement ...

after losing for six days in a row, the indian rupee today appreciated by 19 paise against the greenback in early trade on dollar ...

thiruvananthapuram-headquartered state bank of travancore (sbt) has set a target of rs 100,000 crore business by march 2010 on ...

national reinsurer general insurance corporation (gic) has expanded its global footprint, aided by the financial crisis which has ...

hdfc standard life is planning to launch a health savings plan next fiscal. the company is eying a premium income of rs 50 crore ...

tiruvananthapuram-headquartered state bank of travancore (sbt) is eyeing a business of rs 100,000 crore by march 2010, an ...

commercial banks in karnataka have waived rs 438.40 crore and regional rural banks (rrbs) rs 74.62 crore of 192,000 and 52,000 ...

john taylor says three decades of currency trading taught him that a financial turmoil prompts large banks to favour local ...

the indian operations of hsbc reported a 26 per cent increase in profit before tax (pbt) at $666 million for calendar 2008 on the ...

the banks offer fcnr deposits in six currencies us dollar, euro, pound sterling, canadian dollar, australian dollar, and ...

on the heels of leading state-owned banks cutting their lending rates, idbi bank today slashed its home loan rates by up to one ...

unfazed by the downturn, wealth manager barclays wealth is planning to recruit 20 more client advisors taking total number of ...

kudva was serving as the president, india for franklin templeton investments and has an experience of over 20 years in the ...

europe s largest bank hsbc will be cutting as many as 6,100 jobs in america, as the entity has decided to close down majority of ...

on fcnr (b) dollar-denominated deposits for one to less than two years period, the rate has been increased to 3.12 per cent from ...

extending its losses to sixth day in a row, the indian rupee today hit a new life-time low of 51.81 82 against the american ...

with the ninth bipartite wage settlement of bank employees ending inconclusively and the union finance minister not giving any ...

europe s largest bank hsbc is likely to unveil a 17 billion pound provision against bad loans and a 12 billion pound rights issue ...

with the financial meltdown continuing unabated, the us has already seen the collapse of 16 banks in the last two months -- which ...

an industry body has sought reserve bank s intervention to make banks offer loans to small and medium enterprises (sme) at eight ...

a day after the reserve bank of india prodded banks to cut interest rates, two public sector banks have responded. while union ...

the us government s third attempt to help rescue citigroup won t stanch the company s losses, which will ...

kolkata-based united bank of india (ubi) is expected to transfer rs 1,156 crore of equity to its reserve account by march 31, ...

for the first time in nearly two months, banks investment in statutory liquidity ratio (slr) instruments has fallen below ...

credit rating agency icra has revised the short term rating assigned to the rs 35 billion short-term debt programme of tata ...

public sector lender union bank of india today reduced interest rates on new home loans by 25 to 100 basis points. similarly, ...

taking cues from the country s largest lender, sbi, public sector lender punjab national bank today announced a cut in car loans ...

an equivalent amount of bonds issued earlier under mss will now form a part of the government s regular market borrowing, ...

india s foreign exchange reserve fell by $165 million to $249.52 billion during the week ended february 20, 2009, due to ...

the royal bank of scotland (rbs) plans to sell its retail and commercial business in india as part of the restructuring exercise, ...

ailing banking giant citigroup and the us government have reached an agreement for the treasury to increase its stake in the bank ...

the indian rupee today breached its previous all-time low and was quoting at 50.65 67 against the greenback in late morning deals ...

after the rechristening of telco to tata motors in 2003, one of the auto-maker s earliest decision was to settle its ...

andhra bank is targeting to disburse rs 170 crore additional car loans during the current financial year. currently, it is ...

china life insurance co, the nation s biggest insurer, is in talks with american international group inc over buying the us ...

taking a cue from a couple of successful non-convertible debenture (ncd) issues for retail investors, quite a few corporate ...

royal bank of scotland group will put 325 billion ($462 billion) of investments into a state insurance programme and shift ...

with the restructuring process in full swing, public sector banks have stepped-up monitoring to keep non-performing assets (npas) ...

chancellor of the exchequer alistair darling took a step closer to nationalising uk banks, boosting his control of royal bank of ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), will restructure over 41,000 accounts of small and micro ...

with the financial year drawing to a close, banks are stepping up raising short-term resources through certificate of deposits ...

primary issuances were down on thursday because of low demand for short-term papers by mutual funds (mfs) as incremental inflows ...

over 68,000 employees of 86 regional rural banks (rrbs) in india will stage demonstration in front of their respective local head ...

uco bank on thursday said that it has fully provided for its exposure to credit-linked notes (clns) and its profitability would ...

beleaguered royal bank of scotland, which was rescued by the government, today registered its biggest annual loss of 24 billion ...

life insurance company max new york life insurance today announced the launch of electronic fund transfer of claims payment for ...

the rupee depreciated futher to 50.18 20 against the greenback in late morning deals today, following weakness in equity markets ...

the implementation of the reserve bank of india (rbi) guidelines pertaining to the restructuring of loans advanced to the micro, ...

federal reserve chairman ben s bernanke spurned outright federal control of us banks in favour of a public-private partnership ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has scope to further cut interest rates in a bid to revive demand, former rbi governor c ...

american international group inc lost 85 per cent of market value since chief executive officer edward liddy said five months ago ...

fresh loan disbursals by banks to oil companies resulted in credit flow rising by rs 10,031 crore during the fortnight-ended ...

vijaya bank expects the rise in government bond yields to hit its treasury income in the march quarter, chairman and managing ...

sensing slowdown in the economies in middle-east region, bank of baroda (bob) has reworked its business strategy in united arab ...

straddled with oil bonds worth over rs 56,000 crore, the cash-crunched public oil marketing companies (omcs) have made a request ...

public-sector lender uco bank may face pressure on its fourth-quarter profits on account of possible provisions of rs 97.42 crore ...

the reserve bank of india has objected to the new foreign investment guidelines for the calculating indirect foreign holding in ...

a day after announcing rs 30,000 crore tax relief, finance minister pranab mukherjee today said he has advised the rbi and banks ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) today said it has re-appointed deepak s parekh as the managing director of the ...

the rupee continued its downward journey for the third straight session and ended lower by another seven paise to 49.94 95 ...

after remaining weak for two straight sessions, the indian rupee appreciated by 14 paise against the us currency in early trade ...

with the west bengal government now looking at putting the issue of conversion of two-stroke autorickshaws plying on the city ...

we have had a negative view since last july. the fiscal outlook is getting worse and our recent report reiterated our views and ...

we remain quite concerned about the deteriorating fiscal position of the government and the weakening of an institutionalised ...

government bond yields touched a two-month high as the centre borrowed more and standard poor s revised india s ...

as the financial woes mount in the world s largest economy, the number of failed american banks are climbing, with eight ...

with many large banks in the united states and the united kingdom facing trouble, it is probably a bad time to be providing ...

on the backdrop of current economic meltdown, public sector lender, dena bank has shelved its plan of entering into general ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) has hiked its stake in the country s largest private sector lender, icici bank, ...

rating agency crisil has downgraded rating on development credit bank s (dcb s) rs 1,500-crore certificates of ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has directed that premiums after the first year for unit-linked ...

andhra bank has already formed a joint venture with the bank of baroda and legal general group to launch the ...

life insurance corporation of india has hiked its stake to 9.38 per cent in the country s largest private sector lender, icici ...

the indian rupee today fell further by 15 paise against the us currency in early trade as sharp losses in asian equities raised ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao met finance minister pranab mukherjee last night to brief him on the economic ...

the insurance regulatory development authority (irda) has allowed life insurance corporation of india (lic), the ...

bangalore-headquartered vijaya bank would get rs 500 crore in first tranche under the centre s recapitalisation package in ...

andhra bank, a public sector bank aims to enter the mid-size category of banks in the country by the end of this fiscal by ...

financial information network and operations (fino), promoted jointly by various public and private sector banks for providing ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) today said it has purchased 2.27 crore shares of country s largest private sector ...

financial major citigroup is in talks with federal officials that may lead to the us government extending its control over the ...

india-born vikram pandit could well lose his job as the chief executive of citigroup if the american government comes in with yet ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard), the apex body for agricultural credit, on monday said that it had ...

banking giant citigroup has approached the obama administration with request for more federal money in an effort to save it from ...

with the ninth bipartite wage settlement meeting of bank employees ending inconclusively in mumbai on saturday, the aggrieved ...

bank of america corp chief executive officer kenneth lewis, under siege from investors on concern the company may be taken over ...

kenneth lewis, chief executive officer of bank of america corp, was subpoenaed by new york attorney general andrew cuomo, who is ...

if numbers are anything to go by, then the banking and insurance ombudsmen seem to be working well. they have disposed of around ...

india is sitting on unspent foreign assistance worth rs 78,000 crore and paying commitment charges to the world bank and the ...

the state owned idbi bank plans to add 200 more branches across the country over next 6 to 9 months. this will take the total ...

the state bank of india (sbi) bengal circle, which registered a 60 per cent growth in its car loans portfolio this year, is ...

india will not allow a greater role for foreign banks in the indian banking system when the review of the next round of banking ...

india s foreign exchange reserve dipped by $1.84 billion to $249.70 billion in the week ended february 13 mainly on account ...

luxury homeowners are falling behind on mortgage payments at the fastest pace in more than 15 years, a sign the us financial ...

transactions amounting to almost rs 50,00,000 crore were stalled by the all-india strike by over 2,500 employees and officers of ...

state bank of india, the country s largest lender, today slashed the interest rate on loans to farmers against cold storage ...

in what could be seen as a sign of revival for the corporate bond market, tata capital s public issue of non-convertible ...

after home loans, state bank of india (sbi) today announced a limited-period offer to disburse auto loans for which interest ...

banks have refused to finance term loans of hindustan oil exploration company (hoec), which it sought for development of its py-i ...

delay in informing an insurance company in a vehicle theft case cannot be a ground to deny claim to a policyholder who had filed ...

domestic scheduled commercial banks (scbs) off-balance exposures, comprising guarantees, letters of credit and derivatives ...

decline in stock markets weighed against the indian rupee which lost 11 paise to close within the vicinity of 50-mark at 49.72 74 ...

the country s largest public sector lender, state bank of india, today said it will freeze interest rates on new car loans at 10 ...

india s foreign exchange reserve dipped by $1.84 billion to $249.70 billion in the week ended february 13, 2009 mainly on ...

the indian rupee fell by 19 paise against the us currency in early trade today in line with weak trend in asian equities raising ...

bnp paribas sa, france s largest bank, said its corporate and investment banking unit had a very good ...

president barack obama offered $75 billion of relief on wednesday to homeowners facing foreclosure. he also gave bankers a ...

indian banks have enough liquidity and the industry is not facing any credit squeeze contrary to the general perception, said the ...

moody s economy.com today said the reserve bank of india (rbi) could cut interest rates next week as the high fiscal ...

weighed down by mounting outstandings and non-performing assets (npas), credit card companies are taking strong measures that ...

admitting to helping americans taxpayers to hide accounts, the swiss banking major ubs has agreed to pay $780 million in fines ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is all set to come out with merger and acquisition (m a) norms by ...

normal operations, including payment and settlement activities in the reserve bank of india (rbi), are likely to be affected ...

the country s largest private sector lender, icici bank, sees further softening of interest rates with inflation sliding to a ...

moody s economy.com today said the reserve bank of india (rbi) could cut interest rates next week as high fiscal deficit ...

government today said that ever since it launched the agriculture loan waiver scheme, bank advances have gone up while net ...

after remaining weak for three straight days, the indian rupee appreciated marginally against the us currency in early trade ...

star union dai-ichi life insurance company limited, a joint venture life insurance company promoted by bank of india, union bank ...

lack of easy financing options for rural people in central uttar pradesh has affected the growth plans of various auto components ...

the one-day strike called by officers and other employees of reserve bank of india on friday may disrupt normal functioning, ...

india inc preferred the debt route in the first three quarters of the financial year 2008-09. according to figures from prime ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has projected a credit potential of rs 49,960 crore for farm and ...

geojit financial services on wednesday launched its property services division. the division would offer investors and builders a ...

with the catholic syrian bank (csb) board scheduled to meet on friday to discuss the proposal of the merger with federal bank, ...

state-owned india infrastructure finance company (iifcl) has registered a 350 per cent rise in net profit for the nine-month ...

a srei infrastructure finance-led consortium has bagged the rs 6,000 crore light rail transit system (lrt), an air-conditioned ...

the zero coupon bond or bhavishya nirman bond of national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has mobilised rs ...

the attainment of 100 percent financial inclusion of 14 identified districts in the state has missed the dateline. the target to ...

state bank of india (sbi), india s largest public sector bank, would set up about 100 new branches in orissa to take its ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today asked banks to provide additional information to customers on the usage of cards from ...

buoyed by significant growth in debt funds, the mutual fund industry s total asset under management in january rose to rose 9.4 ...

sliding for the third straight day, the indian rupee depreciated by another seven paise against the us currency in early trade ...

the supreme court has continued its stay on the debt recovery appellate tribunal s (drt) order asking banks to release ...

falling stock markets and liquidity crunch in 2008 has resulted in a whopping 129 per cent increase in cheque-bouncing cases in ...

an expert panel set up by the pension fund regulatory and development authority (pfrda) has suggested that non-government ...

state bank of india s (sbi s) decision to freeze home loan interest rates at 8 per cent for a year has stirred a ...

rates of short-term papers fell by 25 basis points today on expectations that reserve bank of india will cut key interest rates ...

to achieve the target, the mumbai-based bank is planning to open 3,000 branches and hire the same number of people. the bank is ...

with abundant liquidity in the system and call money rates coming back to normal, primary dealers (pds) have found no borrowers ...

almost all public sector banks, barring a handful such as punjab national bank, bank of india and canara bank, are in line to get ...

in a bid to improve the transparency in the indian securitisation market, rating agency crisil has enhanced disclosure standards ...

banks in the country have lost rs 6.57 crore to internet frauds in 233 incidents of cyber crime with tamil nadu topping the list ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic), visakhapatnam, is expecting to close the current fiscal with over 40 per cent growth ...

citigroup inc and bank of america corp, recipients of $90 billion in bailout funds from american taxpayers, are charging ...

coffee growers in the state can now buy rainfall insurance from their nearest post office branch. on tuesday, agriculture ...

one of the largest private sector lending institutions icici bank lost more than rs 11 crore due to over 8,000 cases of credit ...

banks across the country have lost rs 6.57 crore to internet frauds in 233 incidents of cyber crime with tamil nadu topping the ...

clearing operations and other transactions were partially affected in around 5,000 branches of state bank of india s (sbi) six ...

the indian rupee extended yesterday s weakness and depreciated by another 21 paise against the greenback in early trade today on ...

lic housing finance (lichfl), the country s second-largest housing finance company, is all set to launch its financial ...

the supreme court today allowed debt assignor and assignee banks to represent secured creditors in the meetings of the asset ...

the yields on government bonds moved up sharply today after the government announced a large borrowing programme to fund the ...

employees of the six associate banks of the state bank of india (sbi) would go on a nation-wide strike tomorrow for not getting ...

the indian gem and jewellery industry, hit hard by the global economic slowdown, has voiced concern over the increasing the ...

citi has appointed johanna dee chua as chief economist for asia pacific, based in hong kong. johanna takes over from yiping huang ...

the indian rupee fell marginally by 5 paise against the us currency in early trade today in line with weak trend in asian ...

banks in four us states with more than $1 billion in assets were closed in a single day, boosting the toll of seized lenders to ...

chancellor of the exchequer alistair darling said uk banks are best run privately as he tries to calm speculation the government ...

banks can now open and renew diamond dollar accounts (dda) without the central bank s prior approval, the reserve bank of ...

tata capital, which recently announced raising at least rs 500 crore through non-convertible debentures (ncds), hopes to revive ...

all banks in karnataka have taken adequate steps to assist micro, small and medium enterprises in the state worst affected by the ...

life insurance corporation (lic) of india is eyeing a premium income of rs 1,500 crore in the eastern region by march-end, from ...

thirteen american banks have collapsed so far this year -- more than half the number of such failures in 2008 -- as the financial ...

the royal bank of scotland is likely to unveil a brutal cost-cutting exercise that may lead to a further ...

the plan provides guaranteed benefits on death as well as maturity and has a few unique features, lic said in a release here ...

punjab national bank (pnb) will raise rs 500 crore through the issuance of bonds, with february 18 as the proposed date of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has allowed deposit taking non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) to invest a part of their ...

punjab national bank (pnb) today said it would raise rs 500 crore through issuance of bonds, with february 18 as the proposed ...

the group of seven, whose finance chiefs convene this weekend in rome, is ceding its traditional power to rebuild the world ...

india infrastructure finance company (iifcl), the government-owned financial institution, is reducing the minimum ticket size for ...

i have favoured revising interest rates downwards, prime minister s economic advisory council (pmeac) chairman suresh ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) would further cut down key policy rates with inflation continuing its downward trend, punjab ...

the indian rupee strengthened by 11 paise against the us greenback today in early trade on dollar selling by banks amid hopes of ...

as the financial year draws to a close, public sector banks have started shedding non-performing assets (npas) through sale to ...

the government plans to recapitalise all weak public sector banks by july, a senior finance ministry official said on thursday. ...

merrill lynch co s top four bonus recipients received a combined $121 million just before the firm was acquired by ...

citing that they have the responsibility to protect the interests of their minority shareholders, public-sector banks have sought ...

aviva life insurance, a private sector life insurer, is targeting a growth of 35 per cent in the next financial year, managing ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday said that it will take swift, effective measures as appropriate and will continue to ...

national housing bank (nhb), the regulator for housing finance companies (hfcs), has initiated a review of the books of the home ...

in an attempt to mitigate the problems faced by the beleaguered diamond industry in gujarat, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has ...

the yield on government bonds softened on dipping inflation and rising expectations of interest rate cuts by the central bank ...

sanjay lalbhai-owned arvind has defaulted on its interest payments to lenders in january, highlighting the difficult times faced ...

aviva life insurance is targeting a growth of 35 per cent in the next financial year, the company s managing director chief ...

chandigarh press trust of india lending rates could further go down by 1 per cent if inflation comes down to a level of 4 per ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has extended financial assistance of rs 970 crore to the uttar ...

state-owned banks, which have included free life insurance cover in their special home loan package, have mostly preferred to do ...

in a few months, private sector lender indusind bank may have a new identity. the move was in line with the repositioning ...

negotiations on public sector bank wage revision are close to completion with the final contours of the package expected to be ...

sks microfinance, one of the country s leading microfinance companies, has extended life insurance cover to about one ...

the reserve bank of india is not looking at conducting special market operations for oil marketing companies (omcs) for now, ...

the finance ministry sought the views of the reserve bank of india to increase the banks mandatory lending limit to the ...

bankers said the credit growth had been flat in the first month of 2009 compared with the same period of 2008. while public ...

punjab national bank chairman and managing director k c chakraborty has emerged as the frontrunner for the post of the fourth ...

the reserve bank of india s clarification on the modalities of the additional government borrowings resulted in the yield ...

the public sector uco bank has introduced a compromise scheme for the defaulting small borrowers having outstanding less than rs ...

public sector lender punjab national bank (pnb) has entered into an agreement with oriental insurance company to market insurance ...

the finance ministry sought the views of the rbi to increase the banks mandatory lending limit to the micro, small and medium ...

the government today announced a rs 3,800-crore fund infusion into state-run lenders -- uco bank, central bank of india and ...

credit suisse group reported a fourth-quarter net loss wednesday of 6 billion swiss francs ($5.61 billion) as both asset ...

the indian rupee extended its yesterday s weakness and depreciated by another 14 paise against the us currency in early trade ...

lic pension fund, now out of the race to manage pension funds for the unorganised sector, would be happy to manage the funds if ...

kotak investment bank has forged an alliance with gca savvian corporation, japan s sixth largest investment bank (by ...

the country s financial payment and clearing system will once again come to a standstill on february 20 following an ...

acknowledging that the credit growth has moderated in a couple of months, reserve bank deputy governor rakesh mohan today ...

smart cards have been outsmarted as the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), has come up with a card-less ...

the recovery of outstanding farm loans in cooperative banks has dipped by up to 40 per cent after the introduction of the ...

the goldman sachs group today announced a capital infusion of rs 370 crore in its wholly-owned, non-banking financial company ...

hdfc bank will set up an integrated operations hub in the newly constructed commercial area called ecospace, built by ambuja ...

with a view to instill professionalism in the working of the urban co-operative banks (ucbs) and revive the potentially viable ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao today said that unwinding of excess liquidity would need to be carefully ...

ubs, the embattled swiss banking giant, today announced it will slash over 2,000 jobs in its investment banking division, ...

the private equity (pe) space is likely to see an increased activity in the coming days, as several pe firms are planning new ...

allahabad bank is restructuring and rescheduling loans worth almost rs 125 crore in uttar pradesh as the repayment capacity of ...

kotak investment banking, a leading investment banker, has entered into an alliance with gca savvian corporation, a major ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) employees would go on one-day nation-wide strike on february 20 to press for restoration of ...

global financial services firm goldman sachs today said it has infused rs 485 crore in its wholly-owned non-banking financial ...

swiss financial services major ubs will be cutting about 2,000 jobs this year after the entity incurred a huge loss of 8.1 ...

acknowledging that credit growth had moderated in the past few months, reserve bank deputy governor rakesh mohan today attributed ...

the indian rupee fell back by 14 paise to 48.71 72 against the greenback in late morning deals due to firm dollar and ...

most banks turned in good numbers in the december 2008 quarter, with their investment portfolios getting a boost from falling ...

rupee s movement in the near-term will be governed by stimulus packages and data from the us rather than the indian ...

primary issuances fell today as liquidity with banks continued to remain comfortable and most of them preferred to remain on the ...

the indian banks association (iba) today joined three major private banks in appealing against the gujarat high court ruling in ...

ruling out any relaxation in the norms for non-performing assets, the reserve bank of india today asked banks not to use ...

in order to revive the recession-hit auto sector, the reserve bank of india (rbi) will soon be issuing a separate guideline, ...

our premium growth over the period has been over 20 per cent each. this year we are targeting rs 1,75,000 crore (total ...

tata capital, a wholly-owned subsidiary of tata sons, will continue to hold a conservative view of the real estate sector and not ...

even as a final decision on the sale of idbi home finance (ihfl) is pending, the mortgage arm of idbi bank has sought time until ...

the global financial crisis is forcing the world s central bankers to surrender some of their prized independence. ...

british financial services major barclays today posted a marginal decline in net profit at 4.38 billion pounds ($6.5 billion) for ...

private sector lender kotak mahindra bank today said one of its promoter -- suresh a kotak has pledged 50,000 shares representing ...

the indian rupee firmed up further by another 10 paise to 48.58 59 against the greenback in early trade on the back of rise in ...

the government and the reserve bank of india (rbi) are in discussion on additional borrowing programmes and the two together will ...

non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) may be able to start raising resources against commercial paper and non-convertible ...

us taxpayers are being shortchanged by about $78 billion through the treasury department s bank bailout, the panel ...

in step with global banking trends, the country s second-largest state-owned lender, punjab national bank, is expected to ...

the industry collected a total premium of rs 1,31,400 crore till december 31, 2008, as compared to rs 1,13,000 crore in the ...

public sector banks have seen a smaller build-up in bad debt during the last nine months, with the increase confined mainly to ...

three banks, two in california and one in georgia, were seized by regulators, bringing this year s tally of closings to ...

the national stock exchange, multi-commodity exchange and the bombay stock exchange will soon have a new competitor in the ...

state-owned general insurance corporation (gic) is expecting terror insurance claims worth rs 700 crore from the two hotels that ...

in december alone, the general insurance premium collections rose 13.88 per cent to rs 2,612 crore, according to data released by ...

the country s largest insurer life insurance of india (lic) has raised its stake in diesel and natural gas engines maker ...

while predicting a more difficult next financial year, reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao today said the government ...

public sector banks (psbs) could see higher pressure on their net interest margins (nims) in the coming months as they have ...

after three weeks of fall, india s foreign exchange reserve rose by $990 million to $248.611 billion during the week ended ...

state bank of travancore (sbt) is introducing special loan schemes, offering loans at an interest rate of 8 per cent per annum, ...

punjab national bank (pnb), the country s third largest lender, has launched a global credit card in association with ...

the royal bank of scotland (rbs), which has been propped up with taxpayers money, has restructured its board, with seven ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest public sector lender, today said it will install 150 biometric atm machines ...

gearing up to face a difficult financial year, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it will explore all options to maintain ...

exporters finding it difficult to access foreign currency loans need no longer despair, as the reserve bank has raised the ...

the indian rupee today firmed up further by nearly four paise to 48.73 74 in the early trade due to recovery in stock markets ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has worked out the roadmap for the indian banks to graduate from the simpler approaches of the ...

nomura holdings, the largest japanese securities firm, launched its equity sales, trading and investment banking operations in ...

state-owned punjab national bank may cut its interest rates further if inflation continues to fall, chairman k c chakrabarty said ...

premium rates for fire, engineering and motor policies may rise in the coming months as non-life insurance companies are ...

almost a year after the failed attempt to rope in a strategic partner in ifci, the government has started playing a more ...

public sector banks (psbs) are increasingly looking at promoter funding as a business opportunity when others are shying away ...

primary issuance fell today because banks had raised significant amount of funds this week and also as mutual funds received ...

punjab national bank (pnb), india s second largest public sector bank, has implemented the finacle universal banking ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) today said that the recovery process has slowed down due to the ...

according to a fitch report on indian structured finance, rating actions taken up to january 31 showed that 36 ptcs have been ...

the saraswat co-operative bank ltd (scbl)-the largest multi-state co-op bank in the country, has decided to curtail 65 employees ...

government bonds fell, pushing yields to the highest in almost two months, on speculation that investors are selling the ...

the central bank has, however, not extended the deadline for completing the restructuring process. so, banks will have to ...

goldman sachs group and morgan stanley, the two biggest securities firms before they converted into banks last year, will repay ...

the list of possible victims of an estimated $50-billion madoff scam was made public today, which includes a number of big names ...

japanese banking major, nomura holdings has launched its equity sales, trading and investment banking operations in india through ...

financial services major deutsche bank has reported a net loss of euro 4.8 billion ($6.17 billion) in the fourth quarter of 2008, ...

state-run power finance corporation (pfc) is likely to miss loan disbursement target of rs 19,300 crore in the current fiscal as ...

at a time when corporate india has seen its net profits shrink by 24 per cent, banks have reported a 43.83 per cent net profit ...

state-run idbi bank today said that it expects to sell its pune-based home loan subsidiary idbi home finance (ihfl) by the end of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has estimated the total exposure of indian banks and foreign lenders operating in india to satyam ...

the national housing bank (nhb) has disbursed nearly rs 2,120 crore to housing finance companies (hfcs) out of the rs 4,000-crore ...

expecting a large amount of restructuring in the loan portfolio dealing with small and medium enterprises, banks have approached ...

primary issuances rose today as mutual funds expected rates for short-term papers to fall further post vote-on-account, dealers ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is expecting to put in place the draft guidelines for mergers and ...

in a bid to broad base the selection process for the appointment of the fourth deputy governor of reserve bank of india, the ...

the proposal to allow foreign reinsurance companies to open a branch in india is currently under consideration in the parliament ...

mangalore-based karnataka bank is planning to close the current financial year with a total business of rs 35,000 crore compared ...

the reserve bank of india today asked banks to hedge the freight risk of domestic oil refining companies and shipping companies ...

anticipating a dip in credit delivery by cooperative credit institutions, the centre has asked public sector banks to lend about ...

the rupee closed at the highest level in more than two weeks as stock gains fueled optimism that risk aversion would wane and ...

state-run idbi bank today said it expects to sell its pune-based home loan subsidiary idbi home finance (ihfl) by the end of this ...

feb 4 (pti) hsbc today said it may look at acquisition of some product businesses of royal bank of scotland (rbs) in asia if ...

the indian rupee appreciated 19 paise against the us currency today in early trade on dollar selling by banks amid expectations ...

lic housing finance (lichf) has slashed lending rates for new borrowers by 100 basis points across various loan categories. home ...

public sector punjab national bank (pnb) will distribute about 25,000 bio-metric cards by next month to the economically weaker ...

tuticorin-based tamilnad mercantile bank (tmb) has reported a 59 per cent jump in its net profit for the nine months ended ...

the supreme court today stayed the judgement of the national consumer commission, which had capped the interest rate chargeable ...

lehman brothers, the banking major which collapsed into bankruptcy under huge obligations, has surprisingly become the hottest ...

the reserve bank of india has cancelled the licence of maharashtra-based sadhana co-operative bank following insolvency of the ...

in an effort to support the country s financial inclusion programme, financial information network operations (fino) ...

credit suisse group, switzerland s second-largest bank, plans to cut bonuses for investment bankers by about 55 per cent ...

mumbai-based ask group, an equity research and portfolio management service provider, is planning to raise its total assets under ...

rating agency fitch has downgraded idbi bank s individual rating to d from c d and also its rs ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today asked public sector banks to enhance credit flow to fund-starved micro, small and medium ...

a device similar to atms has been developed to mobilise savings of low-income groups in rural areas by banks and micro-finance ...

the supreme court today stayed the judgement of the national consumer commission which had capped the interest chargeable on ...

the indian rupee strengthened by 12 paise against the us currency today in early trade on dollar selling by banks amid hopes of ...

six public sector banks, including state bank of india and punjab national bank, have provided a refinance facility of rs 5,000 ...

punjab national bank (pnb) will now merge its primary dealership subsidiary pnb gilts with self instead of selling the company, a ...

central bank of india is planning to raise rs 500-600 crore through tier-i and tier-ii bonds this year in order to boost its ...

chennai-based indian overseas bank (iob) has received approval from the reserve bank of india (rbi) to acquire pune-based shree ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has increased the prudential inter-bank exposure limit for the urban cooperative banks (ucbs) to ...

karur-based lakshmi vilas bank (lvb) has tied up with chennai-based star health and allied insurance company to offer free ...

public sector lenders led by state bank of india (sbi) today said they will look at further interest rate cuts. sbi chairman o p ...

banks may not be reducing their prime lending rates (plr), but they are selectively lowering interest rates for specific segments ...

the reinsurance company has said that its international business will be the driver for the growth and to strengthen the ...

while motor accounted for 50 per cent of the company s portfolio, health made up for rs 550 crore in 2007-08 and this ...

the indian manufacturing sector indices have shown some signs of recovery in january but remain at near historically low levels ...

lehman brothers may separate its illiquid assets and put them in charge of two standalone companies, and under the plan, the ...

within a month of cutting the benchmark lending rate by 75 basis points, the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), ...

public sector banks today assured the government they would reduce interest rates in the backdrop of falling bank deposit rates, ...

the royal bank of scotland group (rbs) today announced the appointment of shiv gupta as the head of its private clients business ...

insurance development and regulatory authority (irda) had set up two committees which will work on level of disclosure by ...

chennai-based public sector bank indian overseas bank (iob) has received approval from the reserve bank of india to acquire ...

the indian rupee depreciated by 20 paise against the us currency in early trade today as weak trend in asian equities raised ...

karur-based lakshmi vilas bank is planning to increase its capital to rs 3,000 crore by 2014-15 from the current rs 500 crore. ...

the latest move of the country s largest public sector bank, state bank of india (sbi), to freeze its new home loan rates ...

chennai-based public sector bank indian overseas bank (iob) will join hands with bank of baroda (bob)and andhra bank to start ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has turned down suggestions to relax rules for recognising non-performing assets (npas) by ...

bank of america corp is deferring payment of 2008 bonuses of $50,000 or more at its capital markets and investment banking units ...

central bank of india (cbi) will focus on retail loans in order to improve its credit deposit (cd) ratio, which is about 40 per ...

the all india state bank officers federation (aisbof) has threatened to go on an indefinite strike, ahead of the year-end ...

external affairs minister pranab mukherjee, who is handling the finance portfolio, will meet top executives of psu banks tomorrow ...

looking to capitalise on its vast network of insurance agents, growing by lakhs every year, country s top life insurer life ...

state bank of india chairman om prakash bhatt told sidhartha that the offer should help boost demand in the two sectors that have ...

liquidity injected by the indian government and the central bank has not reached the cash-starved industry and consumers, posing ...

hdfc ergo general insurance is will recruit 500 staffs and increase its agent network five times next fiscal, as it plans to ...

two public sector lenders, punjab national bank (pnb) and oriental bank of commerce (obc), have posted over 80 per cent increase ...

india s foreign exchange reserve fell by $4.56 billion to $247.62 billion during the week-ended january 23, 2009 mainly due ...

the moderation in credit offtake and the deployment of resources to mop up government securities seem to have slowed down the ...

the latest round of interest rate cuts began today with punjab national bank (pnb) and indusind bank announcing reductions in ...

chennai-based cholamandalam dbs finance ltd has reported a net loss of rs 50 crore during the third quarter ended december 31, ...

chennai-based non banking finance company (nbfc) sundaram finance ltd has reported a 74 per cent drop in the net profit for the ...

tata group s financial services venture tata capital will enter the capital market on february 2 with a public issue of secured ...

a weak credit market and a slowdown in the country s project financing activities have taken a toll on the infrastructure ...

karur-based lakshmi vilas bank (lvb) is planning to raise rs 140 crore to strengthen its tier-ii capital by march, said vs reddy, ...

gains from treasury operations on the back of falling yields, write-back of provisions and improved net interest incomes (nii) ...

public sector lender, dena bank, on thursday said that it has sought a support of rs 500 crore from the government to bolster its ...

long-term bond funds are poised to deliver good returns this year on the back of softening interest rates and present themselves ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned rs 206.01 crore to the andhra pradesh government ...

cash credit at 7 per cent interest, a single-window system, cash-for-produce guarantee and an insurance cover all these ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has extended the time for customer and inter-bank transactions to use real time gross settlement ...

tata capital, the non-banking finance company (nbfc) of the tata group, said on thursday that it has plans to raise at least rs ...

in the 2008-09 budget, the government had set a target of rs 2,80,000 crore for agriculture credit. with the debt waiver scheme, ...

the reserve bank of india is formulating guidelines that would allow government-owned banks get into the private equity (pe) ...

the corporate bond market is on a roll, finally. data from the securities and exchange board of india show a surge in trading ...

addressing a press conference here today, the bank s cmd r s reddy said the profit in the third quarter is increased by 33.74 per ...

private-sector lender karur vysya bank today said its net profit in the december quarter grew 27.61 per cent at rs 59.25 crore ...

public-sector lender dena bank today said its net profit in the third quarter grew 38.87 per cent at rs 140.36 crore as compared ...

bank lending has seen a drop during the fortnight where the lending stood at rs 13,837.24 crore in the 14 days ending january 16, ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned a loan to the tune of rs 206.01 crore to ...

continuing its strength for the third day, the indian rupee improved further by 5 paise against the us currency today in early ...

infrastructure management services company appnomic systems has secured rs 20 crore in funding from venture capital firm norwest ...

following the satyam scandal, bankers expect more intense scrutiny by auditors on classification of loan accounts as standard or ...

bankers fear fund diversion, rise in npas...

bankers have conveyed their concerns over a rise in non-performing assets along with possible attempts at diversion of funds from ...

mumbai-based real estate firm housing development and infrastructure (hdil) said it was in talks with banks to restructure as ...

reflecting the aversion of banks to lend and a drop in demand, fresh flow of bank loans has witnessed a decline in the first ...

on december 15, the public sector banks had announced lower interest rates on home loans up to rs 20 lakh following government ...

the national bank for agriculture rural development has sanctioned a loan of rs 124.25 crore to the punjab government under ...

with the rising cost of health cover, insurance companies are looking at innovative products to attract customers. the latest ...

banking sector-dedicated funds with 4.05 per cent negative average returns were the worst performing scheme categories in the ...

the reserve bank of india has various tools, including open market operations, to help ensure smooth conduct of ...

insurance companies are betting big on the online medium in a bid to augment the facilities offered to customers. and cashing in ...

public sector lender dena bank today said it has raised rs 200 crore from bonds through private placement to augment resources ...

global banking major bnp paribas has hiked its stake in geojit financial services to 34.33 per cent following an open offer and ...

public sector enterprise bank of maharashtra posted a net profit of rs 120.66 crore during the quarter ended december 31, 2008, ...

the indian rupee appreciated 12 paise against the us currency today in early trade on expectations of a rise in the domestic ...

muthoot capital services registered a 7 per cent growth in its third quarter net profit to rs 1.29 crore from rs 1.21 crore in ...

mangalore-headquartered corporation bank on tuesday reported a 34.3 per cent jump in its net profit to rs 256.4 crore for the ...

public sector lender central bank of india on tuesday said its net profit in the december quarter grew 75.74 per cent to rs ...

serpentine queues were seen outside the branch of memon co-operative bank here today, following rumours that the ...

the financial intelligence unit (fiu), the government agency responsible for monitoring possible money laundering transactions, ...

public sector banks will have to provide for around rs 12,000 crore to account for pension liabilities, according to rough ...

bank of india, a state-run lender, said it has revived its plan to sell rs 400 crore worth bonds, after being forced to abandon ...

the improved liquidity conditions and extra government borrowings to fund the stimulus package have reversed the trend of drop in ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on tuesday extended the tenure for two refinance facilities, including one to provide support to ...

yes, inflation is coming down and it will come down further. it is a concern that it is coming down so fast. we expect the ...

the third quarter review of monetary policy 2008-09 has forecast a stable external balance of payment situation, thus stating the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi), in its third quarter monetary policy review, has highlighted the need for the central and the ...

india inc has expressed disappointment over the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) decision not to change repo and ...

finance companies are keeping their fingers crossed regarding the structure of the proposed special purpose vehicle (spv) for ...

amid the growing perception that depositors are withdrawing funds from private and foreign banks and are instead parking them ...

bangalore-based private sector lender, ing vysya bank, has reported 21.7 per cent rise in its net profit at rs 52.05 crore for ...

state bank of india, visakhapatnam, is focusing on low-cost deposits during this fiscal to meet its target of collecting over rs ...

indbank merchant banking services limited, the chennai-based merchant banking subsidiary of indian bank, is planning to open 30 ...

hinting at some interest rate cuts in the near future, state bank of india (sbi) chairman o p bhatt today said that though ...

kolkata-based uco bank has decided to slash its benchmark prime lending rate (plr) and deposit rates by 0.5 per cent effective ...

mangalore-headquartered public sector lender, corporation bank, today reported 34.3 per cent jump in its net profit at rs 256.4 ...

japanese financial services major nomura today reported a net loss of 342.9 billion yen ($3.8 billion) in the third quarter, ...

india inc has expressed disappointment over reserve bank of india s (rbi) decision to not change repo and reverse repo rate ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) in its third quarter review of the monetary policy 2008-09, kept the key interest rates ...

the reserve bank india today said the financial condition of the states and the centre may fail to show improvement in 2008-09 as ...

small-scale industries and non-banking finance companies have seen a sharp drop in fresh bank loans as lenders are wary of ...

forecasters survey puts gdp growth at 6.8% in the current financial year, 6.3% next year.

barclays plc jumped the most in at least two decades of london trading after saying it won t need funding from the ...

financial services major barclays today said it will write down 8 billion pound relating to credit market exposures in barclays ...

kharif foodgrains production at 115.3 million tonnes, as per the first advance estimates, is likely to be lower by around five ...

barclays plc said monday it expects pre-tax profits of over 5.3 billion pounds ($7.3 billion) for the full year 2008 despite ...

dutch financial services major ing today said it would slash as many as 7,000 employees globally as part of its cost-cutting ...

according to the rbi report, india s economy may grow at its weakest pace in five years in the current fiscal year, ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) is all set to pump in an additional over rs 4,000 crore (about $1 billion) in the ...

universal sompo general insurance company limited, a venture between allahabad bank, indian overseas bank, karnataka bank, dabur ...

the centre along with the reserve bank of india (rbi) has extended credit to the tune of rs 7,200 crore to small industries and ...

chennai-based indbank merchant banking services, a subsidiary of public-sector lender indian bank, is planning to open 30 ...

as a part of its technological modernisation initiative, the public sector andhra bank will cover all the branches in orissa ...

unwilling to divest in a hurry its holding in dividend-paying blue chip companies, life insurance corporation of india (lic) ...

private sector dhanalakshmi bank has successfully wooed several senior professionals from various banks and corporate houses to ...

icici bank, the country s largest private sector lender, reported a 39.29 per cent rise in consolidated net profit to rs ...

state bank of india, the country s largest lender, today reported a 51 per cent rise in consolidated net profit for the ...

indiabulls financial services today said its consolidated net profit for the third quarter ended december 31 declined nearly 58 ...

shriram transport finance company has reported a 34 per cent increase in the net profit during the third quarter ended december ...

gic housing finance today posted a drop of 33 per cent in net profit at rs 10 crore for the quarter ended december 31, 2008 as ...

former reserve bank of india deputy governor v leeladhar may join tata capital, a non-banking finance company of tata group, ...

india s foreign exchange reserves fell for the next time in a row by $2.58 billion to $ 252.18 billion in the week ended ...

the seven banks, which announced their results today, showed a rise in nii in the range of 20-135 per cent during the quarter ...

battered citigroup is considering restructuring its board after the departure of long time members kenneth derr and franklin ...

india s foreign exchange reserves fell for the next time in a row by $2.58 billion to $252.18 billion in the week ended ...

bangalore-based private sector lender, ing vysya bank, today reported 21.7 per cent rise in its net profit at rs 52.05 crore for ...

mangalore-based private sector lender, karnataka bank, today reported 29.2 per cent jump in its net profit at rs 89.2 crore for ...

syndicate bank today said its net profit for the third quarter ended december 31, rose 29 per cent at rs 352.38 crore as against ...

state-run idbi bank today reported a 26.61 per cent growth in net profit at rs 222.63 crore for the third quarter ended december ...

public sector lender union bank of india today said its net profit for the third quarter of the current fiscal grew 84.03 per ...

the indian rupee moved in line with the local stocks, which recovered after opening slightly down, at appreciated to 49.12 13 ...

representatives of four multinational banks met the newly-installed six-member board at satyam computer services today to discuss ...

indian banks association (iba) has proposed a 10 per cent wage hike to bank employees, a source from the banks body ...

with real estate prices moving southwards, several banks and financial institutions are buying their own properties and shifting ...

the company had registered a net loss of rs 11.08 crore in the year-ago period, future capital holdings said in a filing to the ...

kotak mahindra bank today reported a 64 per cent decline in its net profit to rs 130.9 crore for the quarter ended december 2008 ...

public sector lender bank of india (boi) today posted a jump of 70.41 per cent in its net profit for the third quarter ended ...

state-run bank of india (boi) today said it has a non-fund based exposure of rs 215 crore to the raju-family owned maytas infra, ...

the government is likely to infuse rs 700 crore in uco bank even as the bank plans to raise another rs 700 crore through bonds ...

private sector lender kotak mahindra bank today reported a 64 per cent decline in its profit after tax (pat) at rs 130.90 crore ...

max new york life insurance has announced a strategic partnership with 3i infotech to market its max vijay insurance savings box ...

bank of india today said it posted a net profit of rs 872.17 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2008, as compared rs ...

the indian rupee appreciated 21 paise against the us currency today in early trade on dollar selling by banks and exporters amid ...

defying the current turmoil in the banking sector in the west, public sector lender punjab national bank plans to expand its ...

primary issuance declined today because mutual funds refrained from investing in short-term money market instruments on limited ...

uco bank has reported a 107.33 per cent increase in net profit to rs 171.63 crore for the quarter ended december 31, 2008, as ...

hdfc, the country s largest housing finance company, today reported a 15.73 per cent decline in its third quarter net ...

foreign direct investment in developing nations will drop by $180 billion, or 31 per cent, this year as a global recession ...

french president nicolas sarkozy agreed to provide a further 10.5 billion ($13.5 billion) in aid to the country s ...

barclays plc, the uk bank that turned down government funding last year, declined for a seventh straight day in london trading on ...

state-run uco bank today reported a two-fold growth in net profit at rs 171.63 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, ...

yes bank, the country s new age private sector bank, has posted a net profit of rs 105.7 crore for the quarter ended december 31, ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) today recorded a 15.73 per cent decline in its net profit at rs 546.83 crore for ...

with a view to strengthen its distribution, lic housing finance (lichfl) plans to launch a financial services subsidiary this ...

the rupee today depreciated further by 9 paise against the greenback in early trade on the dollar gaining strength against some ...

government bonds declined the most in more than a week as concerns mounted that debt supply will increase after an official said ...

after mopping up over rs 2,500 crore in the first two days, the state-owned india infrastructure finance company (iifcl) is ...

insuring your car get your eyes checked and your education certificates in order. with tariffs open to free pricing, general ...

issuance of six-month certificates of deposit (cds) by banks rose on tuesday on rising demand from mutual funds for these papers, ...

reliance capital on tuesday posted a 11.34 per cent rise in its third quarter consolidated net profit to rs 131.54 crore, thanks ...

lic housing finance has reported a 26.70 per cent rise in its net profit to rs 134.33 crore for the quarter ended december 31, ...

commercial vehicle finance companies have sought more sops from the reserve bank of india, including halving the risk weights for ...

compared with the disappointing results coming in for manufacturing and services firms, headline numbers for banks in the ...

lic housing finance has posted 26.7 per cent rise in its net profit at rs 134.33 crore for the third quarter ended december ...

dewan housing finance has emerged as the front-runner to buy idbi bank s home finance subsidiary, idbi home finance, having put ...

the rupee today depreciated by 23 paise against the greenback in early trade as the dollar strengthened against some regional ...

royal bank of scotland group plc said it may post a loss of as much as 28 billion ($41 billion), the biggest ever reported ...

state bank of travancore (sbt) registered an impressive 215 per cent rise in net profit to rs 260.86 crore in the third quarter ...

state bank of mysore, the bangalore-based public sector bank, has reported a 2.5 times growth in its third quarter net profit to ...

allahabad bank today reported a 1.21 per cent increase in its third quarter net profit to rs 369.47 crore as against rs 365.05 ...

the country s largest private lender icici bank today said that interest rates are expected to come down in the next ...

despite the gloom in the real estate market, corporate houses such as the tatas and anil ambani s reliance group are ...

financial services major ubs investment bank today said it has entered into an agreement with crises-ridden insurance major ...

the small industries development bank of india (sidbi) has floated the country s first asset reconstruction company focussing on ...

state bank of mysore recorded a 157 per cent rise in its net profit at rs 182.58 crore for the quarter ended december 31, 2008, ...

state-run dena bank has decided to restructure the loans given to smes, which will involve deferring the installment payment ...

allahabad bank recorded a marginal increase in net profit at rs 369.46 crore for the quarter ended december 31, 2008 as compared ...

sun life insurance (bsli), an aditya birla group company, has been selected to partner a 4.6 million pounds development project ...

l t infrastructure finance company (l t infra) has reduced l t infra prime lending rate (plr) by 0.75% or 75 basis ...

the indian rupee appreciated further by 15 paise against the us currency today in early trade on weak dollar and hopes of firm ...

hdfc bank, the country s second largest private bank, has decided to lower interest rates on retail loans by up to 200 ...

president-elect barack obama is likely to back a financial-rescue effort that channels capital to banks and deals with troubled ...

in a major relief to auto-loan seekers, the country s second largest private sector lender, hdfc bank, has decided to slash ...

with inflation declining sharply in recent weeks and slowing demand, the reserve bank of india (rbi) may signal softer interest ...

time and again, big banks such as citigroup inc. argued that irrational and seized-up markets, not the woeful state of their ...

the reserve bank of india will work out the modalities of the government s extra borrowing for current financial year in ...

india s foreign exchange reserve declined by $481 million to $254.76 billion in the week ended january 9, 2009 mainly due ...

federal bank has registered 98.11 per cent increase in its q3 net profit at rs 203.89 crore against rs 102.92 crore in the same ...

housing development and finance corporation (hdfc), the country s largest housing sector lender, today slashed its home ...

bank of america corp, the largest us bank by assets, posted its first loss since 1991 and cut the dividend after receiving ...

in its fourth-quarter earnings review, citi estimated its total net credit losses (ncl), or the monetised value of bad debt, from ...

india stands top among south asian countries in pension coverage to its older people, according to a joint report by the world ...

india s foreign exchange reserve declined by $481 million to $254.76 billion in the week ended january 9, 2009, mainly due ...

financial service provider citigroup today said its asia operations suffered a loss of $371 million for the fourth quarter in ...

ailing us banking giant citigroup today reported a fourth-quarter net loss of $8.29 billion or $1.72 per share, wider than market ...

the country s top housing finance provider hdfc today announced a lower interest rate of 9.75 per cent for new loans up to rs 30 ...

federal bank today reported a 98% increase in net profit at rs 203.89 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2008, as ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may not go in for key policy rate cuts in its quarterly policy review slated for january 23, said ...

the indian rupee appreciated 26 paise against the us currency today in early trade on dollar selling by banks amid hopes of firm ...

bankers on thursday told the reserve bank of india (rbi) that they may not be able to reduce deposit rates substantially as they ...

this is 28.57 percent higher than rs 8944.2 crore projected for 2008-09. earlier, nabard had assessed the potential linked credit ...

bank of america corp, the biggest us bank by assets, may get more aid from the government to help absorb losses tied to this ...

capital market regulator securities and exchange board of india (sebi), which was investigating insider trading charges against ...

bajaj finserv on thursday reported a net profit of rs 12.29 crore for the december quarter, as against a loss of rs 50.76 crore ...

recovery of bad debts in corporate portfolio helped the bank to offload a substantial portion of its non-performing assets (npas) ...

with domestic companies not going for big-ticket overseas acquisitions, outward foreign direct investment (fdi) grew 5.4 per cent ...

acknowledging customer complaints on delay in collection of dollar-denominated cheques, the reserve bank of india asked all urban ...

we are in the midst of a crisis caused by so many financial institutions borrowing too much money. somehow, a critical mass of ...

the european central bank (ecb) cut its benchmark interest rate by 50 basis points to two per cent today, matching a record low, ...

the bank said that the quarterly profit was mainly contributed by a 62 per cent growth in fee-based income at rs 133 crore during ...

the indian rupee recovered partly of its early losses but remained 18 paise lower against the us currency in late morning trade ...

reliance capital has got the regulatory approval to set up a housing finance company (hfc) and a non-banking finance company ...

with the initiative of the reserve bank of india (rbi), the state-level banker committee (slbc) in uttarakhand today held a ...

vikram pandit is unraveling his empire to save his bank. citigroup inc s chief executive officer said on tuesday that he ...

deutsche bank ag, germany s biggest bank, reported a record loss of about 4.8 billion($6.3 billion) in the fourth ...

don t waste this crisis. learn from it this was the message governor d subbarao gave to ...

rates on one-year certificates of deposits (cds) fell 10-15 basis points on wednesday because demand for such papers from mutual ...

hdfc bank, the country s second largest private sector lender, on wednesday said its net profit rose 44.81 per cent during ...

financial services major barclays will reduce its headcount by about 2,100 in investment banking and money management, as part of ...

showing its solidarity with the staff of troubled satyam computer, the country s top private sector lender icici bank today said ...

deutsche bank, germany s largest bank, today said it expected to incur a massive loss of nearly euro 5 billion in the fourth ...

financial services major barclays is to reduce its headcount by about 2,100 in investment banking and money management, as part ...

hdfc bank today reported 44.8% rise in q3 net profit for the quarter ended december 31, 2008 at rs 621.74 crore when compared ...

the indian rupee appreciated 22 paise against the us currency today in early trade after ending at a five-week low of 49.12 14 ...

emerging nations brazil, russia, india and china have witnessed a 20 per cent decline in loans taken by companies ...

national housing bank (nhb) has sought details from housing finance companies (hfcs) about their exposure to satyam computer ...

bank of baroda is eyeing credit growth of close to 29 per cent on a year-on-year basis during 2008-09, chairman and managing ...

at a time when public sector banks (psbs) are gaining market share, the country s largest information technology company, ...

issuance of certificates of deposit rose on tuesday because banks increased their placements for refinancing redemption of cds ...

small and medium enterprises (sme) sector created a big bang at the fourth vibrant gujarat global investors summit, where ...

reserve bank of india is not likely to cut key policy rates or cash reserve ratio soon, om prakash bhatt, chairman, state bank of ...

financial services major bank of america, which acquired merrill lynch recently, is considering to slash about 1,900 jobs from ...

global meltdown has motivated 60 per cent of salaried employees to go in for government owned banks for safer investment purposes ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest public sector lender, today signed an mou with the gujarat government to create ...

the indian rupee recovered after a weak start and was trading marginally higher against the greenback in late morning trade today ...

anshu jain, who helped generate about half of deutsche bank ag s earnings in 2007 as co-head of investment banking, is ...

citigroup inc may book a gain of as much as $10 billion by selling control of its brokerage to morgan stanley, helping to ...

the pension regulator today sought bids from banks, non-banking finance companies and those entities which are regulated by the ...

hit by the global meltdown, the micro and small enterprises (mses) in punjab have demanded a relaxation in the rate of interest ...

issuances of certificates of deposit (cds) fell today as mutual fund houses the major investors in such papers ...

with four rate cuts from the reserve bank of india (rbi) in the last four months, bank fixed deposit (fd) rates are beginning to ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) will ask companies to disclose their ulip (unit-linked insurance plans) ...

financial services provider citigroup is under pressure from federal banking regulators for shuffling its board, including the ...

south indian bank s (sib) net profit for the third quarter ended december 2008 reached rs 54.20 crore, as compared to rs ...

australian banking major anz bank is reviewing the impact of its exposure to indian software exporter satyam computer services ...

the indian rupee today fell by 26 paise against the us dollar in early trade owing to heavy capital outflow by foreign funds amid ...

morgan stanley may pay citigroup inc as much as $3 billion for control of a venture that would combine their brokerage units and ...

employees of the beleaguered satyam computer services are now finding it difficult to get personal loans or pay back equated ...

satyam computer s $75 million directors and officers (d o) insurance is unlikely to provide a cover against claims ...

p j nayak will step down as axis bank s chairman ceo from august after a nine-and-a-half years stint with the the ...

the union cabinet has approved liquidity support for non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) through a subsidiary of state-run ...

the need for terror insurance following the mumbai attacks has prompted general insurance companies to introduce mid-term terror ...

the union cabinet today approved liquidity support for non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) through a subsidiary of state-run ...

bharat forge on friday decided to call off its issuance of non-convertible debentures (ncd) worth rs 400 crore due to the weak ...

buoyed by a hefty growth in fees and trading incomes, the country s third largest private sector lender axis bank on friday ...

india post, the agency with the widest reach, has decided against being one of the points of presence (pop) for the new pension ...

vijaya bank has announced a reduction in its benchmark prime lending rate (plr) from 13.25 per cent to 12.75 per cent with effect ...

axis bank, the country s third largest private sector lender, has reported a 63.23 per cent jump in its net profit at rs 500.86 ...

the union cabinet today approved a liquidity facility for non-banking finance companies (nbfc) through a subsidiary of state-run ...

the indian rupee continued to trade in tandem with local stocks and breached the crucial 49-level in early trade today as weak ...

rupee today depreciated by 42 paise against the greenback in early trade on increased dollar demand from importers and capital ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) is planning to provide more funds for the infrastructure development ...

to improve the flow of credit to industrial clusters and facilitate their all round development, 15 banks operating in orissa ...

the fraud at satyam, which has put the role of it auditors price waterhouse under scanner, may affect the firm s reputation ...

auditing firm price waterhouse is likely to face a reprimand from the reserve bank of india for its alleged involvement in the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has sought data from banks, which have direct or indirect loan and equity exposure to satyam ...

the bank of england (boe) cut the benchmark interest rate to the lowest since the central bank was founded in 1694 as policy ...

royal bank of scotland group plc said it s considering joining ubs ag and hong kong billionaire li ka-shing in selling bank ...

troubled lender royal bank of scotland (rbs), which has been bailed out by the uk government, is considering sale of its about ...

at a time when most sectors, including the manufacturing sector, have frozen or cut down recruitments and expansion plans, the ...

public sector player bank of india (boi) is in talks with credit agricole, a french bank, and bbva, the spanish financial ...

even as financial institutions worldwide are announcing job cuts to survive the economic slowdown, allahabad bank, a leading ...

the reserve bank of india s draft guidelines on classification of commercial real estate exposure of banks may provide some ...

bank of america corp sold $2.8 billion of china construction bank corp shares to replenish capital after completing the biggest ...

icici pridential life insurance company, a joint venture between icici bank and uk based prudential plc, will focus on enhancing ...

his spirit broken by financial fears, german billionaire adolf merckle took his own life this week, becoming the latest ...

banks, which are believed to have exposure to the beleaguered it major, satyam computer services, today said that they would look ...

emerging-market currencies are poised for further losses as recessions force wealthier nations to rein in overseas investment, ...

a banking industry official said on wednesday that the government is not buying back gilts under market stabilisation scheme ...

the sharp rise in yields of government bonds on the surprise announcement about the extra market borrowing ...

barclays is to slash 408 it jobs across britain, the banking group said in a statement today as it seeks a more efficient ...

three major indian lenders -- bank of baroda, icici bank and hdfc bank -- which have dealings with the troubled it-major satyam ...

canara bank today said it has raised rs 325 crore by way of lower tier-ii bonds of 10 years maturity at a coupon rate of 8.08 per ...

firm equity markets amid sustained capital inflows helped the indian rupee recover sharply by 32 paise to 48.37 38 against the us ...

you may soon have a common number to operate multiple bank accounts, if a proposal mooted by the government is implemented by ...

financial services major, credit suisse today said that it has infused a capital of rs 794 crore (approx $164 million) in wholly ...

processing of domestic card transactions will shift to india over the next few years with india pay, a domestic payment system, ...

general insurance premium grew 0.11 per cent to rs 2,223.45 crore in november, as against rs 2,220.96 crore in november 2007 ...

an insurance industry panel has suggested uniform method for calculating the fee structure of unit-linked plans, but left it to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today launched a cross-border one-way remittance scheme india to nepal called ...

the selection committee headed by the reserve bank of india governor d subbarao has shortlisted nine public-sector bank chiefs ...

issuances of commercial papers rose today because the deep interest rate cuts by the reserve bank of india last week and also the ...

aegon religare life insurance today said it will invest about rs 120 crore in the next six months to expand its reach and ...

global finance major credit suisse today said it has injected rs 794 crore in its non-banking finance company credit suisse ...

punjab national bank (pnb), the country s second largest public sector lender, may raise up to rs 300 crore from bonds issue that ...

icici bank, the country s largest private sector lender, has bagged the best rural marketing initiative award for its unique ...

syndicate bank informed bse that it has raised rs 399 crore by issue of unsecured, non-convertible ipdi (innovative perpetual ...

the indian rupee depreciated by seven paise against the greenback in early trade today on increased dollar demand from importers ...

national bulk handling corporation(nbhc), the warehouse arm of financial technologies (india) ltd, plans to tie up with 11 more ...

twenty-one housing finance companies (hfcs) have assessed their fund requirements during the fourth quarter at around rs 40,000 ...

voicing dissatisfaction over credit delivery by state-owned banks, the finance ministry on monday asked them to beef up lending ...

federal reserve officials, after taking the historic step of cutting the benchmark interest rate to as low as zero, are calling ...

general insurers may be touting portability of health covers as the next big consumer-centric reform, but the benefits will be ...

banking stocks reaped windfall gains on a day the market was enthused by the reserve bank of india s (rbi) liquidity boost ...

indian school of business dean m ramamohan rao, whose role as an independent director on satyam s board had recently raised ...

with the stock markets yet to recover and banks lowering fixed deposit rates, companies accessing public deposits are seeing ...

at a time when layoffs and salary cuts are becoming integral components of corporate strategy for cost control, axis bank is on a ...

punjab national bank (pnb) today announced a cut in interest rate on foreign currency non-resident deposit schemes for dollar, ...

the us currency ended barely steady against the rupee, with the indian unit quoting at rs.48.59 60 per dollar at close of trade.

icici bank, the country s largest private sector lender, today said it has entered into an agreement with bsnl cell one to enable ...

despite lower inflation and a slew of measures announced by the centre to arrest the economic slowdown and boost growth in ...

the impact of the global economic meltdown seems to have considerably affected the pace of industrial investment in himachal ...

the xii additional metropolitan magistrate on sunday sent gs raju, promoter managing director of nagarjuna finance limited (nfl), ...

while a large section of corporate india think that the economic rebound is unlikely to happen in 2009 and most of them still ...

the state bank of india (sbi), the largest bank in the country, has picked up 19.7 per cent equity in orissa-based mayfair hotels ...

the sudden and sharp fall in global financial markets, liquidity crunch faced by the country s banking system and ...

there is good news in store for companies and others as the government has directed public-sector banks to lend rs 56,000 crore, ...

the country s second largest private sector lender, hdfc bank, which added 658 branches last year, has pipped icici bank in ...

hdfc bank, the country s second largest private sector lender, which added 658 branches last year, has pipped icici bank in terms ...

flush with funds to meet business growth for the current year, icici bank ceo and managing director k v kamath said the bank does ...

interest rates are set to fall by up to five per cent in the next six months as inflation is moving towards zero level, a ...

banks led by state bank of india (sbi) are set to lower deposit rates by over 50 basis points by the middle of the month, ...

international investors are buying brazilian, indian and indonesian bonds, driving the biggest monthly gain in emerging-market ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic), the country s largest insurer, has managed to mitigate some of the losses in new ...

with march approaching, tax-payers will have to ensure that they buy adequate insurance to claim benefits under section 80c and ...

state bank of india will sign an mou with the gujarat government for fund deployment in micro, small and medium enterprises, bank ...

the increase in foreign institutional investment (fii) limit for corporate bonds will boost the top end of the market as foreign ...

the deregulation of interest rates paid for external commercial borrowings (ecbs) may not bring much cheer to companies at this ...

the government today conceded to two major demands of exporters with a view to make indian products competitive in international ...

uncertainty in the stock market and sliding fixed deposit rates have made life insurance the most preferred tax-saving instrument ...

state bank of india s (sbi s) total business in the north-east has grown from rs 10,573 crore as in march 2003 to rs ...

reflecting the signs of slowdown in the economy, bank credit grew by just 0.1 per cent in the fortnight ended december 19 as ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today further relaxed the asset classification norms for the banks to restructure loans to viable ...

public sector banks are likely to revise their credit growth targets for the year by around 20 per cent after the government ...

the government today said it would take up the recapitalisation of around half-a-dozen public sector banks during the next ...

banks started pruning deposit rates within hours of the reserve bank of india s decision to cut repo and reverse repo rates ...

public sector lender bank of baroda (bob) today said it has lowered interest rates on non-resident external (nre) term to 3.75 ...

encouraged by declining price line, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today announced steps to inject an additional rs 20,000 crore ...

can fin homes ltd. (cfhl), a subsidiary of canara bank, today announced a reduction in their interest rates on existing ...

stock broking and commodities trading firm geojit financial today said it has discontinued its commodity broking business and has ...

continuing its weakness for the fourth straight day, the indian rupee today depreciated by another 28 paise to a one-week low ...

andhra bank has drawn up a growth plan to leap into the league of big banks by setting a target of rs 150,000 crore business by ...

the reserve bank of india today bought oil bonds worth 30 crore from indian oil corporation under its special market operations, ...

private sector general insurance companies are once again going back to retail as they face severe pricing pressure and ...

banks and financial institutions are seeking more flexibility in dealing with commercial and industrial loan accounts, which are ...

the country s top private sector lender icici bank on thursday said it has repurchased bonds worth $84.58 million (rs ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is likely to allow state-owned life insurance corp of india to retain ...

the government is considering setting up a special purpose vehicle (spv) for financing of non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) ...

corporate india is in for a more painful period, as profitability will take a hit over the next six months, icici bank ceo k v ...

the banks operating in orissa have been urged to fulfill their micro, small and medium enterprises (msme) loan target set for the ...

though indian banking system, in particular state-owned banks, is receiving accolades for not letting the global financial crisis ...

insurance regulatory development authority (irda) has constitued a committee to evaluate the performance of the third-party ...

after majority of indian banks slashed their interest rates taking a cue from reserve bank s recent policy signals, leading ...

citigroup inc s chairman win bischoff and chief executive officer vikram pandit won t receive bonuses for 2008, as part of a ...

the indian rupee fell back after resuming stronger against the dollar and was quoted lower at 48.74 76 in late morning trade ...

tracking comfortable liquidity in the system, inter-bank lending rates closed at around 6.5 per cent on the last day of 2008. the ...

in line with the fall in inflation and interest rates, the yield on 10-year government bonds declined by 254 basis points in 2008 ...

joining the rate cut bonanza , bangalore- based public sector lender canara bank today reduced its benchmark prime lending rate ...

jefferies india, the local subsidiary of us-based jefferies group, is planning to enter equity research, sales and trading ...

india s current account deficit widened to $12.54 billion during the second quarter of the current financial year, as ...

the country s largest private sector lender, icici bank, today reduced its lending rates on home and auto loans 50 basis ...

bangalore-based public sector lender canara bank, today announced reduction in its benchmark prime lending rate (plr) by 75 basis ...

lic housing finance today announced a reduction of 75 basis points in interest rates for existing home loans with effect from ...

in a new year bonanza to home and car loan takers, the country s largest private sector lender icici bank today reduced the ...

public sector allahabad bank today said that life insurance corporation of india (lic) has hiked its stake in the bank by 2.10 ...

crisil has assigned aa rating with a stable outlook to andhra bank s rs 265 crore tier-i perpetual bonds and rs 1,000 crore ...

icici bank is understood to have deferred the sale of its holding in firstsource solutions, a mumbai-based pure-play business ...

forecasting that inflation is inching towards zero, icici bank managing director and ceo k v kamath today suggested that the ...

an internal audit undertaken by the finance ministry has revealed that officers entrusted to recover debt as per the orders of ...

united india insurance, tata aig and icici lombard will be among the first set of general insurance companies to introduce the ...

primary issuances were up today in the one-year tenure as mutual funds and banks bought such papers in the hope that the reserve ...

indian insurance industry is likely to register a fall in the growth rate of its premium turnovers in the current fiscal due to ...

kolkata-based uco bank has restructured its equity capital by reducing it by almost one-third from the current level of around rs ...

privately-owned indusind bank has got back rs 115 crore it had lent to leading private sector oil refinery essar oil, bringing ...

the national housing bank today said it will provide the special refinance fund, which has been received from the reserve bank of ...

state bank of bikaner and jaipur have revised their bench mark prime lending rate (bplr) from 13.25 per cent per annum to 12.75 ...

bucking the trend, the banking sector has paid 38 per cent higher advance tax in the third quarter of the current fiscal, as the ...

banks were major investors for certificates of deposit on monday as liquidity condition in the banking system is comfortable, ...

banks completed a full circle in 2008, as famed lenders from new york to tokyo turned beggars who lined up for bailouts from ...

indian real estate and other manufacturing companies have stepped up borrowings through issuances of commercial papers (cps) ...

in case of misuse of debit cards, banks cannot escape responsibility by saying that they have delivered the card and the personal ...

the nepal stock exchange authority has suspended transaction of shares belonging to nepal sbi bank, a joint venture of state bank ...

after the global financial turmoil in 2008, indian banks begin the new year with a lurking fear that their non performing assets ...

icici bank says it will reduce rates early next month punjab national bank (pnb) and dena bank today announced a reduction in ...

idbi bank reduced the interest rate on retail term deposit by 50-150 basis points in the maturity bucket of 46-90 days up to 10 ...

state-owned, punjab national bank (pnb) today said it expects a healthy 28-29 per cent loan growth in the current financial year ...

another public sector lender, dena bank reduced its benchmark prime lending (plr) rate by 75 basis points from 13.50 per cent to ...

finnone, the flagship product of nucleus software exports ltd, a provider of integrated software products for banks and financial ...

bank of baroda has decided to reduce its benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) by 75 basis points from existing 13.25 per cent pa. ...

the country s second largest public sector lender punjab national bank (pnb) today informed the bombay stock exchange (bse) ...

india s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today said it has resolved the technical problem with its ...

senior citizens and those depending on interest income will have a tough time in 2009 as deposit rates, which have already ...

indian banks have an exposure of over $1 billion to the five troubled global financial institutions, including lehman brothers ...

investors looking to recoup some of the $50 billion they lost in bernard madoff s alleged ponzi scheme may get a better ...

in spite of a liquidity crunch, state bank of india (sbi), bengal circle, which comprises west bengal, sikkim and andaman and ...

separate cells will be created at the district level to address the grievances of the micro, small and medium enterprises (msme) ...

at the start of 2008, manoj singh headed tranzact consolidated india, among the largest direct sales agents (dsa) in mumbai with ...

with the inflation sharply declining even below the reserve bank of india s (rbi) comfort levels, the central bank is likely to ...

state bank of india (sbi) is planning to set up 383 internet banking kiosks at atm centers located on railway stations across the ...

in an effort to help micro, small and medium enterprises (msmes) deal with the credit squeeze and economic slowdown, union bank ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic), the country s largest insurer, is pulling out all stops to mop up rs 25,000 ...

the state bank of india, the country s largest bank, has had to shut down its corporate website after overseas hackers ...

in order to tap customers looking for guaranteed returns without being affected by financial market conditions, idbi fortis life ...

the reserve bank of india will present the third quarter review of the monetary policy for 2008-09 on january 27, 2009. rbi ...

india s foreign exchange reserve went up by $3.59 billion to $254.05 billion during the week ended december 19, 2008 mainly ...

most mutual fund players and life insurance companies are planning to bid for appointment as pension fund managers for all ...

with a sharp dip in property prices, leading banks, including state bank of india, are reassessing the value of properties ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has registered star union dai-ichi life insurance company promoted ...

credit card firm american express, a bank holding company, will receive $3.39 billion from the us government s bailout package ...

india s foreign exchange reserves swelled to $254.052 billion for the week ended december 19, up by $3.599 billion over the ...

in the wake of cut in rates and the resultant impact on its borrowing costs, gruh finance (gruh), a subsidiary of hdfc, has ...

volatility in lending and deposit rates witnessed during the year is expected to end in 2009 with interest rates seen to be going ...

hdfc bank, india s second largest private bank, has raised rs 1,728 crore through a private placement of unsecured ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will present the third quarter review of the monetary policy for 2008-09 on january 27, ...

the rupee today appreciated by another 35 paise against the us dollar in early trade following increased $ selling by exporters ...

corporates which have resorted to overseas borrowing for raising capital are likely to see erosion in their balance sheets in the ...

the bank of japan may consider extraordinary steps to counter financial-market turmoil and a deepening recession, ...

the country s largest public sector lender, state bank of india, is planning to inject fresh capital into its insurance arm, sbi ...

private equity investments have declined by as much as 80% in the first two months of december quarter with the ...

wall street finance, a company involved in money exchange and bank note activities, is looking to acquire four companies involved ...

in the wake of impressive growth in credit to micro, small and medium enterprises (msme), union bank of india (ubi) plans to roll ...

the farm loan waiver scheme may not trigger a tendency among farmers to default intentionally, amarendra sahoo, chief general ...

hit by the global financial turmoil, foreign banks are reviewing their india strategy with bayernlb, a german banking entity, ...

the supreme court (sc) has held that banks are not liable to pay interest tax on subsidies they get from the rbi for giving ...

despite the global liquidity crisis and risk aversion of institutional investors, the indian railway finance corporation (irfc), ...

india infrastructure finance co is likely to issue the first tranche of the proposed rs 10,000-cr tax-free bonds by mid-january, ...

us banks including citigroup inc, goldman sachs group inc and morgan stanley may sell government-guaranteed bonds in asia next ...

sending money overseas instantly could soon become a reality with the reserve bank of india (rbi) considering proposals to allow ...

the country s largest insurer, life insurance corporation of india (lic), has increased its stake in hdfc bank to over 5 ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic), the country s largest insurer, has increased its stake in hdfc bank to over five per ...

mangalore headquartered corporation bank has announced a revision of its bench mark prime lending rate. the bank has cut the ...

the indian rupee today fell further by 35 paise against the dollar in early trade following heavy dollar demand from importers ...

private sector banks have sought relaxation in the present norm that limits the deployment of business correspondents within 15 ...

the work at the insurance offices in northern karnataka came to a standstill on tuesday following the strike call by the ...

the government today issued 6.35 per cent oil marketing companies government of india special bonds, 2024 for rs 22,000 crore to ...

state bank of india (sbi) plans to raise capital up to rs 1,500 crore through lower tier-ii bonds to shore up capital adequacy ...

the government is likely to announce in a few days details of insurance sops on export credit to banks and exporters as part of ...

the rupee fell 74 paise or 1.54 per cent today against the us dollar due to demand from importers and fall in the stock market ...

despite sharp erosion in the net worth of airline companies due to losses in the recent past, banks and financial institutions ...

union bank of india is aiming a 35 per cent increase in advances to micro, small and medium enterprises over the last year by the ...

the volatility in foreign-exchange markets, the most since 1992, means currency traders will see the smallest pay cuts as the ...

suresh tendulkar, chairman of the prime minister s economic advisory council, said today that the repo and reverse repo ...

banks have used only a small proportion of the special refinance and forex swap facility offered by the reserve bank of india ...

state-run union bank of india today said it is hiring 5,000 employees this fiscal, including 300 specialised officers for its ...

with not all banks cutting rates in response to the rbi s easing of monetary policy, the government today said there is a case ...

employees of state-owned insurance companies went on day-long nation-wide strike to protest the government s proposed move to ...

continuing its weakness for the third straight day, the indian rupee today depreciated by another 30 paise against the greenback ...

private life insurance company max new york life insurance is of the opinion that there is a price to pay to become the no. 1 ...

the federal bureau of investigation (fbi) has engaged in triage , taking agents off terror and other crimes to ...

icici prudential life insurance co has seen a drop in sales as a fallout of the economic slowdown, senior vice-president and head ...

all class i, iii and iv employees in the life insurance corporation of india and all class iii and iv employees in the four ...

dhanalakshmi bank plans to go for fresh capital infusion from qualified institutional investors by march 31, said managing ...

mutual funds received inflows in their liquid and liquid plus schemes and were investing in non-convertible debentures on monday, ...

the insurance regulatory development authority (irda) has removed the industry-wide limits imposed on surveyors from assessing ...

government bond prices ended down by over a rupee on monday because investors continued to trim holdings after the sharp rise in ...

idbi bank and export import bank of india (exim) plan to raise up to rs 4,500 crore through bond issues to finance their business ...

the rouble fell to the lowest in almost three years against the dollar as russia devalued the currency against its dollar-euro ...

the rupee fell the most in six weeks as importers stepped up purchase to meet their dollar needs, while others, including banks, ...

in an effort to make all the households bankable, the public sector punjab national bank (pnb) and sambalpur based bharat ...

frequent fluctuations in the value of the rupee vis-a-vis the us dollar in the past few months have hit the scientific instrument ...

taking cues from the country s largest lender, state bank of india, two more public sector banks -- bank of india (boi) and bank ...

concerned at the government s revenue loss due to giving large deductions while calculating the income ...

punjab national bank (pnb) has informed bombay stock exchange that the bank will be raising rs 500 crore as pnb upper tier ii ...

the indian rupee today depreciated further by 14 paise against the dollar to 47.40 41 in early trade after other ...

mediclaim policy-holders dissatisfied with the services of their insurance provider can easily switch to another firm with ...

following a slew of measures by regulators, the national housing bank (nhb), the regulator for housing finance companies (hfcs), ...

reliance money is planning to rope in apex bodies of mandis in various states as shareholders for the proposed agriculture spot ...

the committee of secretaries, which is receiving representations from affected sectors in the wake of the financial crisis, is ...

in a bid to provide long-term capital to infrastructure companies, the government is planning to provide them with subordinated ...

the world bank has approved a tranche of $180 million as a soft loan to madhya pradesh for the second phase of its district ...

hyderabad-based matrix agri sciences, which is setting up three granular biofertiliser plants, is hopeful of securing rs 50 crore ...

she would neither like to be adventurous nor conservative, but icici bank s ceo-designate chanda kochhar today said her endeavour ...

the world s largest economy, the us, has seen a spurt in bankruptcy cases, with such filings jumping as much as 30 per cent for ...

the district administration and the banking community in hooghly district of west bengal had claimed that they achieved 100 per ...

prime minister manmohan singh today met reserve bank of india governor d subbarao and finance secretary arun ramanathan in new ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india, today announced a 75-basis-point cut in its benchmark prime lending ...

insurance companies estimate the claims of mumbai s taj mahal hotel and tower at rs 400 crore and of oberoi-trident at rs ...

credit offtake is likely to increase in coming months following the reserve bank of india s (rbi) measures to ease ...

the rs 4,000-crore refinance package from the national housing bank (nhb) to housing finance companies (hfcs) will be available ...

global ratings agency standard poor s lowered the credit ratings of 11 international banks by one or two notches on ...

icici bank managing director and ceo kv kamath says that chanda d kochhar, his successor at the country s largest private ...

life begins after 60. so it seems for kundapur vaman kamath, who starts his next stint as mentor, or non-executive chairman of ...

with a view to capturing the details of investment in a more comprehensive manner, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has revised ...

come may 1, chanda kochhar will step into the big shoes of k v kamath as managing director and ceo of icici bank, india s largest ...

india s foreign exchange reserves rose by $4.59 billion to $250.45 billion as on december 12, 2008, mostly reflecting ...

lenders led by mortgage players hdfc and lic housing finance today announced a reduction in interest rates, with banks, including ...

two of the world s largest economies - japan and the us - are embracing the near zero interest rate regime, in their efforts to ...

icici bank today announced the appointment of chanda kochhar as the managing director and chief executive officer. she will ...

the rupee today depreciated by 25 paise against the greenback in early trade on strengthening of dollar against major currencies ...

a selection committee, headed by reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao, is scheduled to meet next week to shortlist ...

credit card companies, facing an increase in defaults and a decline in consumer spending, are raising some rates, adding fees and ...

credit card woes topped the complaints chart in 2007-08 as hefty interest burden of borrowers and recovery by banks emerged as ...

after pulling down yields on liquid government bonds by about 135 basis points in last one month, traders are now likely to ...

state bank of india and small industries development bank of india (sidbi) have lowered interest rate on loans extended to micro, ...

the country s largest insurance company, life insurance corporation of india (lic), is planning to invest over rs 400 crore ...

liquidity in the banking system is very comfortable and overall interest rates need to come down, icici bank executive director ...

the world bank has agreed to provide $3-billion, long-term loan to three companies india infrastructure finance company ...

hdfc, the country s largest housing finance company, is planning to raise up to rs 1,000 crore through non-convertible ...

global merger and acquisitions in the insurance sector have reached all time record of 148.7 billion dollars this year, says a ...

state bank of india, the country s largest lender, today reduced interest rate for working capital loans to micro, small ...

the rupee today appreciated further by 35 paise against the greenback in early trade on increased dollar selling by exporters and ...

the insurance regulatory development authority (irda) has extended the deadline for insurance companies to disclose their ...

the federal reserve opened a new era in us monetary history, cutting interest rates to as low as zero and pledging to buy ...

taking a cue from the abject failure of global financial powerhouses to assess risks associated with exposures, the reserve bank ...

during 2007-08, a total of 54 merger proposals in the urban co-operative bank (ucb) space were given necessary clearance by the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on wednesday said complex structured products such as synthetic securitisation and credit ...

with credit growth remaining high despite deterioration in the economic environment, the reserve bank of india (rbi) on wednesday ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on wednesday said the benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) of banks show upward flexibility during ...

government-owned idbi bank hopes to sell its pune-based, wholly-owned, home loan subsidiary by mid-january and has shortlisted ...

even amidst the current economic meltdown, the city still seems to hold its own charm in attracting investments and offering ...

in what may translate into lower premium rates for traditional pension and annuity policyholders, the insurance regulatory ...

the country s largest public sector bank, state bank of india (sbi), will restructure small and medium enterprises (sme) loans in ...

morgan stanley posted a $2.2 billion fourth-quarter loss, wider than the most pessimistic analyst s estimate, as it unexpectedly ...

public sector lender allahabad bank is on an expansion spree in south india in order to have a significant presence in all ...

the indian rupee today strengthened by 61 paise against the us currency in opening trade on increased capital inflows by foreign ...

the special home loan package announced by public sector banks boosted returns of banking sector-dedicated funds for the week to ...

the federal reserve may reduce its main interest rate to the lowest level on record and prepare for one of the boldest ...

reliance capital (r-capital) today said vikrant gugnani will head its overseas operations. at present, he is the ceo of reliance ...

over 83 per cent unit-linked insurance plans (ulips) with equity-debt investment ratio of 80 20 have outperformed benchmark and ...

financial services company reliance money (r-money) has tied up with infinity financial solutions, a financial products and ...

many of the 5,238 individuals, whose names figured in the draw of lots by the delhi development authority (dda) on tuesday could ...

mutual funds on tuesday stepped up investments in one-year certificates of deposit (cds) as they received inflows in their fixed ...

despite the financial crisis, the uttarakhand government today brought a supplementary budget in the state assembly to pay the ...

with erosion in the value of their investments, holders of unit-linked insurance plans (ulips) are looking at switching from ...

us banking major citigroup will sell its japanese trust banking unit to mitsubishi ufj trust and banking corporation (mutb) for ...

kolkata-based uco bank will reduce interest rate on lending and deposits by january 2009. speaking at an interactive session ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, today said it would raise rs 18,000 crore from bonds by march 2010 in ...

foreign lender, abn amro bank has been authorised to undertake primary dealer business in government securities market with ...

chennai-based public sector bank indian bank has revised its interest rates on domestic term deposits which will come into effect ...

the rupee today appreciated 16 paise against the us currency in opening trade on capital inflow by foreign funds and cut in home ...

state-owned banks said they are planning to approach the government under the umbrella of the indian banks association seeking ...

the collapse of several global banks and the cascading impact of us financial crisis on global markets have forced indian banks ...

small industries development bank of india (sidbi) is aiming a credit flow of around rs 300 crore to the micro-finance ...

state bank of india (sbi) has merged its mauritius-based subsidiary, indian ocean international bank (ioib), with sbi ...

with public sector banks reducing interest rates on home loans up to rs 20 lakh, housing finance companies (hfcs) might be under ...

tata capital, a non-banking finance company (nbfc), is planning to sell debt worth rs 1,000 crore to meet fund requirements to ...

president george w bush said deliberations by his administration on whether to tap a bank bailout fund to keep general motors ...

with insurers switching to liberalised terms and conditions, major coverage changes are expected in non-life insurance policies ...

major real estate players today gave a thumbs down to the announcement by public sector banks to cap interest rates at different ...

japanese financial services major nomura today said the company has an exposure of about 27.5 billion yen ($303 million) in wall ...

faced with a downturn in europe, the world s fifth largest insurer, aviva plc, has started exploring options to enter the ...

global banking major hsbc has emerged as one of the worst sufferers of bernard madoffs alleged $50-billion fraud as the financial ...

terming home loans package of psu banks highly inadequate, assocham president sajjan jindal demanded that the government peg the ...

justifying the threshold of rs 20 lakh for interest rate relief announced for home loan borrowers, indian banks association (iba) ...

icici prudential life today said it has entered into a strategic partnership with american express banking corp to offer its ...

the rupee today appreciated 27 paise against the us currency in opening trade on dollar selling by exporters amid surging trend ...

dewan housing finance (dhfl), a housing finance company, said it is planning to dilute 15 per cent equity to raise close to rs ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) sold a record $20.63 billion foreign currency during october to check the steep depreciation of ...

the orissa circle of punjab national bank (pnb) expects to achieve a total business volume of rs 4,000 crore by the end of march ...

citigroup inc, the global bank that got a $45 billion government bailout, faces another indignity its name will be stripped from ...

karnataka vikas grameena (kvg) bank, the regional rural bank covering dharwad, haveri, gadag, belgaum, bijapur, bagalkot, udupi, ...

there has been a sharp rise in the outward remittances by resident individuals over the last couple of years, according to the ...

in a bid to mitigate forex risk for large corporates, icici bank has developed a customised online trading platform that would ...

punjab national bank (pnb) will hire 2,000 persons with specific skills in the next four months, its chairman and ...

reeling under a recession that s getting worse, the us has seen the collapse of 25 banks this year, with two entities going belly ...

in tune with the reserve bank of india s (rbi) policy of restructuring loans for small and medium exnterprises (smes), ...

icici chief executive officer and managing director kv kamath today hinted about a steep and substantial cut in the interest ...

the package for extending home loans at affordable rates will be finalised early next week as the government is yet to decide on ...

bank advances grew by 29.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis to rs 27,21,732 crore at the end of november as against 22.5 per cent ...

india s foreign exchange reserve fell by $1.83 billion to $245.86 billion for the week ended december 5 due to revaluation ...

standard chartered bank has completed the acquisition of an additional 25.9 per cent stake in standard chartered-stci capital ...

the federal reserve refused a request by bloomberg news to disclose the recipients of more than $2 trillion of emergency loans ...

global banking major standard chartered has increased its stake-holding in standard chartered-stci capital markets to 74.9 per ...

hsbc holdings, europe s largest bank, plans to eliminate 193 jobs in india to reduce costs at its consumer division as bad ...

global banking major standard chartered has increased its stake holding in standard chartered-stci capital markets to 74.9 per ...

foreign lender hsbc has decided to slash 193 jobs in its indian consumer assets business segment after reviewing its portfolio in ...

the government today said that the insurance joint ventures have not been affected by global financial developments and there are ...

rating agency icra today reaffirmed the ratings for highest claims paying ability of both icici lombard general insurance and ...

the indian rupee today depreciated by 32 paise against the us currency in opening trade on capital outflows by foreign funds, ...

bank of america (bankam) corp said it expects to cut 30,000 to 35,000 jobs over the next three years, as it faces a deteriorating ...

mutual funds refrained from investing in certificates of deposit (cds) and commercial papers (cps) today as they were not ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has decided to bring offshore outsourcing of financial services by foreign offices of indian ...

in step with the steady hiring by indian banks, indian overseas bank (iob) and south indian bank (sib) are planning to recruit ...

future generali, the insurance joint venture between kishore biyani-promoted future group and italian insurance major generali, ...

moscow resident tima kulikov banked on the full faith and credit of the us government, not the kremlin, when he sold his biggest ...

il fs investment managers (iiml), the private equity subsidiary of infrastructure financing major il fs, has closed its ...

state and district cooperative banks are seeking a relaxation in loan delinquency norms from the current 90 days to 180 days, ...

after announcing refinance facilities for the national housing bank (nhb) and the small industries development bank of india ...

further losses at switzerland s biggest banks ubs and credit suisse cannot be ruled out, a central banker warned today, adding ...

future generali, the insurance joint venture between kishore biyani-promoted future group and italian insurance major generali ...

in step with the steady hiring by indian banks, indian overseas bank (iob) and south indian bank are planning to recruit 1,200 ...

icici bank, the country s largest private sector lender, today said it was hopeful that the measures taken by the reserve bank of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today widened the scope of the stimulus package by providing a refinance facility of rs 5,000 ...

troubled financial services major goldman sachs is set to change its retirement rules, providing incentives to ...

private sector icici bank plans to launch a new interactive internet banking concept to give customers the touch and feel of a ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india, today said that it would review interest rates soon following monetary ...

close on the heels of the government announcing economic package to boost demand across the board, the indian bank association is ...

the rupee today appreciated 23 paise against the us currency in opening trade on dollar selling by banks amid surging trend in ...

during the last fortnight, banking stocks have been in high demand in anticipation of the reserve bank of india and the ...

kapol co-operative bank, a mumbai-based multi-state scheduled bank is set to acquire two gujarat-based cooperative banks by the ...

rating agency crisil has announced a sale of a 90 per cent stake in its united kingdom-based subsidiary, gas strategies group ...

in an effort to boost credit flow to the housing sector, public sector banks are going to finalise the new interest rate regime ...

in yet another attempt to widen its reach in the country s financial services sector, the hindujas have picked up a 40 per ...

india s economic growth may fall short of the 7.5-8 per cent forecast for this fiscal by the reserve bank of india (rbi) and the ...

state bank of travancore (sbt) has entered into a tie-up with united india insurance for providing personal accident insurance ...

while the portfolio credit quality of most indian mutual fund (mf) schemes is strong, a majority of the schemes have single ...

insurance regulatory development authority (irda) is in talks with the government and other stakeholders to set up a self ...

after banks, it s the country s largest insurer life insurance corporation of india (lic) that has come to the aid of ...

temasek holdings pte defended its $2.6 billion of divestments last week, saying the transactions created value for the singapore ...

the saraswat co-operative bank, the biggest co-operative bank in the country, has received licences for opening nine more ...

united india insurance, a leading public sector non life insurance company, is targetting a premium of rs 4,300 crore this year, ...

calling the government s stimulus package highly inadequate for creating demand, retaining and generating jobs for ...

the institute of chartered accountants of india (icai), to fulfill the demand for trained accounting professionals and to support ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) on monday launched jeevan aastha, a single premium life insurance product with ...

r sridharan has taken charge as the managing director (md) and group executive (associates and subsidiaries) of state bank of ...

first-year premium collection of life insurance companies in india has witnessed a fall of 6.7 per cent in october, led by 11 per ...

universal sompo general insurance company on monday signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with chennai-based public sector ...

at a time when financial institutions are in the process of cutting costs through retrenchment, the country s largest ...

economists expect a further monetary easing by the reserve bank of india (rbi) in the coming weeks as inflation falls and credit ...

primary issuances in the commercial paper (cp) market were absent as mutual funds preferred to remain on the sidelines due to the ...

the national housing bank s (nhb s) mandate on risk weights linked to the loan-to-value ratio is likely to prompt ...

two days after the reserve bank of india (rbi) announced 100-basis point cuts in key lending rates, the country s second ...

the ongoing indefinite strike in the 59 jute mills of west bengal has resulted in a lowering of jute bag supplies by about 87 per ...

non-banking finance companies like srei infrastructure finance limited is looking at raising upto rs 3000 crore from banks over ...

the foundry park in west bengal will attract investment of rs 2,500 crore on completion, said tapash chatterjee, chief executive ...

shortly after the central bank cut its signalling rates saturday and the announcement of stimulus package, leading state-owned ...

hdfc bank, the country s second largest private sector lender, today reduced its benchmark lending rate (plr) by 50 basis points ...

sbi life insurance, which is gearing up for listing later next year, today said it will make capital infusion of about rs 600 ...

despite seeing a 17-18 per cent decline in its policy sales in fy09, india s largest insurer, life insurance corporation of india ...

r sridharan has taken over as the managing director (md) and group executive (associates and subsidiaries) of state bank of ...

public sector lender indian overseas bank (iob) today signed an agreement with universal sompo general insurance company of japan ...

yes bank, india s new-age private sector bank, has announced a reduction in its prime lending rate by 50 basis points effective ...

stock markets are expected to open strong on monday on the back of the reserve bank of india s (rbi) latest policy move and ...

even though inflation has declined for four successive weeks to touch a seven-month low of 8.40 per cent, food items are still ...

stimulus packages of the reserve bank of india (rbi) and the government may bode well for the spot rupee and government bonds on ...

confederation of indian industry (cii) president and icici bank managing director k v kamath today pitched for restructuring of ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has asked insurance companies to disclose all investments made during ...

neel kashkari, who oversees the us treasury s $700 billion financial-rescue plan, defended the programme on sunday after ...

riding on the back of 100 per cent growth in new business, reliance life insurance expects the first premium income to cross ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has extended the period, during which exporters are allowed to enjoy concession on their overdue ...

taking a cue from the reserve bank of india, banks are likely to lower lending rates by 50-75 basis points and deposit rates by ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today signalled a further reduction in interest rates by reducing the repo and reverse repo rates ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao today addressed a press conference, where he, along with deputy governors rakesh ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today eased the rules governing interest rates for loans taken by exporters as a recession in the ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) measures to cut benchmark interest rates by 100 basis points may fail to spur demand in ...

housing finance companies (hfcs) are contemplating a cut in their prime lending rates (plrs) following the latest measures of the ...

to help viable units, which are facing temporary cash flow problems, the reserve bank of india has permitted banks to restructure ...

the country s cash-strapped real estate companies may get a fresh lease of life and expect to see a boost in the sale of ...

the reserve bank of india s permission to allow indian companies to do a premature buyback of the foreign currency ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today reduced the repo rate and the reverse repo rate - by 100 basis points. it is the third rate ...

the central bank today allowed firms to buy back foreign currency convertible bonds (fccbs) prematurely through rupee resources ...

housing, retail and corporate loans will get cheaper as banks will cut lending rates in a few days in response to the rbi s move ...

reserve bank governor d subbarao today said he expected banks to respond to measures announced today by the central bank and ...

hdfc bank, one of india s premier banks, has won the nasscom - cnbc tv18 it user award 2008 for best it adoption in the ...

a securitisation company (sc) or reconstruction company (rc) may take over the management of the business if the dues are 25 per ...

hdfc bank has applied to the reserve bank of india (rbi) to buy 10 per cent stake in mmtc-indiabulls-promoted commodity exchange, ...

after falling for nine weeks in a row, india s foreign exchange reserve rose by $1.88 billion to $247.69 billion during the ...

the board of icici bank, the country s second-largest lender, will take a final call on appointing a successor to k v ...

at a time when companies are finding it tough to raise funds, the country s largest insurer, life insurance corporation of ...

bank of rajasthan, a private sector lender, has slashed interest rates on foreign currency non-resident (fcnr) deposits and ...

hdfc bank has applied to the reserve bank of india (rbi) to buy 10 per cent stake in mmtc-indiabulls promoted commodity exchange, ...

the state bank of india today said it will consider rate cut after the reserve bank of india announces reduction in benchmark ...

the rupee today further appreciated by 11 paise against the us $ in early trade, the fourth rise in a row, on increased dollar ...

apparently faced with disinterested bidders, the uttar pradesh government has extended the date for the submission of financial ...

the karnataka cabinet today decided to seek rs 1,500 crore as financial assistance from the world bank to implement drinking ...

in a move to boost capital adequacy of housing finance companies (hfcs), national housing bank (nhb) has revised their risk ...

deutsche bank on thursday announced that it has infused rs 325 crore ($65 million) into its indian subsidiary and increased its ...

the indian rupee gained on thursday and closed at 49.85 against the dollar as banks offloaded the greenback following a rise in ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao said various anti-inflationary measures had started yielding results and now the ...

swiss banking major credit suisse today said it will cut 5,300 jobs, accounting for 11 per cent of its global workforce, by the ...

bullish on growth of the insurance sector, reliance life insurance is set to hire 2,500 managers, besides 90,000 advisers in the ...

deutsche bank today announced that it has increased its tier 1 capital or capital adequacy in india by rs 325 crore ($65 million) ...

the rupee today appreciated by 11 paise against the us $ in early trade on increased dollar selling by exporters and banks amid ...

the rupee on wednesday gained 0.3 per cent against the dollar to close at 50.01 as investors were bullish across asia following ...

volumes rose in the secondary market on wednesday as rates fell sharply by 30-35 basis points on hopes reserve bank of india may ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned rs 186.31 crore for punjab and haryana for upgrading ...

the swiss franc may rise against the euro as the financial crisis spreads throughout the global economy, reducing foreign ...

rating agency crisil has placed the indian retail securitisation market ahead of many countries, particularly the us, on the back ...

the orissa state finance corporation (osfc) has been unable to sign the proposed tripartite agreement with the orissa government ...

public sector banks in india, including the country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi), are in a brisk hiring mode, a ...

public sector lender union bank of india today said it has entered into an agreement with national collateral management services ...

insurance development and regulatory authority (irda) will put in place the guidelines for mergers and acquisitions (m a) in ...

the rupee opened higher by 28 paise against the us currency today on $ selling by exporters and banks after global equity markets ...

indian currency headed for its biggest-ever annual drop since the devaluation in 1991. the rupee on tuesday hit a new lifetime ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) on tuesday bought total rs 285 crore of oil bonds from hindustan petroleum corporation and bharat ...

primary issuance fell on tuesday as mutual funds refrained from purchasing certificates of deposit (cds) on tuesday due to ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) is bullish on its sponsorship route to help rural artisans and ...

citigroup, which is planning to eliminate 52,000 jobs and trim costs next year, dropped a portion of the severance payment ...

around 25-30 private equity (pe) players and venture capitalists, most of them international players, are eyeing the punjab, ...

state bank of india, the country s largest lender, said on tuesday that it is looking to hire more than 4,200 employees for ...

bangalore-based vijaya bank is seeking a capital infusion of rs 1,800 crore from the government to maintain its capital adequacy ...

the indian banks association (iba) will form a panel to identify borrowers enjoying credit facilities from more than one ...

american international group (aig), the insurer bailed out by the us goverment, agreed to sell a bank unit catering to wealthy ...

troubled insurance giant american international group (aig) will be selling its swiss arm aig private bank to an abu dhabi-based ...

the reserve bank of australia today cut the benchmark lending rate by a 100 basis points to 4.25 per cent, with effect from ...

amid the ongoing economic crisis, the banking sector continues to be hit by mass layoffs with financial service major credit ...

american behemoth citigroup, which is axing over 75,000 jobs this year to help cut costs and fight financial crisis, is now ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s top lender, today said it is looking to hire more than 4,200 employees for its associate ...

the rupee today fell by 25 paise against the us$ to a fresh low of 50.53 54 in the opening trade at the interbank foreign ...

the total debt stock of the orissa government by the end of september 2008 was rs 36,219.5 crore which is rs 344.5 crore higher ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned rs 257 crore to the orissa government under the 14th ...

yields fell up to 5 basis points today as mutual funds stepped up buying corporate bonds, noting inflows into their schemes, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked banks to act on the basis of local rules when sanctioning loans for farmers to build ...

in what may be a pointer to the industrial output in november, abn amro s purchasing managers index (pmi), a gauge ...

issuance of certificates of deposit(cds) rose on monday because banks rushed to raise funds noting the sharp fall in rates of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has relaxed lending norms for tier-ii urban co-operative banks (ucbs), making it easier for them ...

while asking all members to fall in line and lower interest rates on bulk deposits, indian banks association (iba) on ...

state bank of india (sbi) has planned to expand operations in the andaman nicobar (a n) islands to boost the union ...

the rupee opened 10 paise weaker and fell against the us $ in early trade today due to increased demand for dollars from ...

the rupee is likely to strengthen against the dollar on monday because banks may sell the greenback, expecting local share ...

the union government s recent approval to the insurance bill, which proposes, among other things, to raise the cap on ...

the subprime mortgage crisis is giving department and convenience stores and gas stations a new argument in asking congress for ...

auto and home loan seekers can expect further cut in the lending rates with the public sector banks gearing up for the second ...

us banking giant citigroup, beset by the global financial turmoil, has decided to sell its japanese trust banking unit nikkociti ...

the sme financing institution small industries development bank of india (sidbi) today said its asset reconstruction arm is ...

with terror attack claims likely to wipe out over 70 per cent of the rs 700-crore terror pool, insurers are expected to chip in ...

in the wake of the deadly terrorist attack in mumbai the financial capital of india banks feel that security needs to ...

ashok kapur, the non-executive chairman of private sector lender yes bank, has been killed by terrorists in the trident-oberoi ...

insurance industry is gearing up to clear claims from the attack on mumbai even as many of the injured are finding it tough to ...

police are yet to contact banks whose credit cards are said to have been found from terrorists who carried out brazen attacks on ...

india s foreign exchange reserve fell by $550 million to $245.80 billion during the week ended november 21, 2008, due to ...

royal bank of scotland group plc investors took 0.2 per cent of shares offered in the uk s biggest bank bailout, leaving ...

ashok kapur, non-executive chairman of private sector lender yes bank, has been killed by terrorists in the trident-oberoi ...

the british government is all set to become a majority stakeholder with 58 per cent shareholding in the royal bank of scotland ...

the indian rupee opened 10 paise weaker and fell further against the us $ in early trade after reopening of the currency market ...

the government on thursday relaxed the pricing norms for issue of convertible bonds and equity shares under depository receipts ...

unlike the 9 11 attacks in the us, which resulted in companies having to shell out more for insurance covers or entities such as ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may announce cut in policy rates up to 50 basis points soon as inflation has been on way downward ...

the deadly terror attacks, which crippled the city today, will not be able to dent the confidence of india s banking and ...

leading private housing finance lender hdfc today ruled out cut in interest rates unless cost of funds declines, even as most ...

rupee rose to over a one-week high against the dollar today because banks sold the greenback to exporters as well as on noting ...

china s central bank slashed its key lending rate by the most in 11 years, giving support to a 4 trillion yuan ($586 ...

public sector lender punjab national bank on wednesday announced a 100 basis point reduction in the benchmark prime lending rate, ...

struggling small and medium enterprises (sme) and exporters may get some relief with the indian banks association (iba) ...

issuance of certificates of deposit (cds) having a maturity of one year rose today with banks and mutual funds purchasing these ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may be brought under the category of other regulators, who might have to park their funds with ...

it may be a little harsh on policyholders who do not pay their premium on time but a uniform definition of lapse of insurance ...

joining the chorus for slashing prices to spur consumer demand, the indian banks association (iba) on wednesday said ...

defaults could climb to double digits in 2009, barring a material improvement in market conditions in the second half of next ...

atms in india may soon get more intelligent and behave like tellers at bank branches. atm technology major ncr corporation has ...

trading volumes in the local currency markets have declined in the recent days because most banks are preferring to keep ...

tulsi zaveri, a diamond merchant, who recently sent his daughter for higher studies at the university of texas, austin, purchased ...

weighed down by rising defaults and liquidity problems, leading credit card companies have started reducing the borrowing limit ...

president-elect barack obama named former federal reserve chairman paul volcker to head a new white house economic board that ...

vikram pandit, the chief executive of citigroup, has said the banking behemoth s putting in lot of money against us real estate ...

troubled insurance giant american international group (aig) has said the us treasury completed the purchase of shares and ...

china s central bank today announced a steep cut in its interest rates -- by four times the usual margin -- in a signal that it ...

the federal reserve took two new steps to unfreeze credit for homebuyers, consumers and small businesses, committing up to $800 ...

reported as being a handmaiden to the finance ministry when the central bank announced a slew of measures in the wake of the ...

rupee erased early gains against the dollar as banks rushed to buy the greenback to meet month-end demand from importers and ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has reminded bankers that measures announced by it to tackle the impact of the credit crisis are ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may approve the merger of pune-based urban cooperative bank (ucb) shri suvarna sahakari bank with ...

in its first intervention in asia since the beginning of the current financial crisis, the international monetary fund (imf) has ...

citigroup chief financial officer (cfo) gary crittenden said the bank will hold onto assets in emerging markets as it focuses on ...

state bank of india (sbi) has informed the government about its need for capital and the lender will look to tap the equity ...

after non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) that do not depend on deposits, finance companies that accept deposits have ...

banks are pitching for a special window for lending to small and medium enterprises (smes), which will be akin to the refinance ...

the us will own shares worth $27 billion and would be paid an estimated $4 billion in annual dividends for rescuing citigroup, ...

global credit rating agency standard and poor s (s p) has maintained a credit watch with negative implications on troubled ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is expected to announce a financing package for the micro, small and medium enterprises (msmes), ...

bank of baroda (bob) and maruti suzuki india, have signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) whereby dealers of maruti cars ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi), the country s leading public sector lender, will recruit 652 people at managerial ...

the rupee today appreciated by 37 paise against the $ to rs 49.72 in early trade on dollar selling by banks amid strong asian ...

standard chartered plc may lose its right to issue hong kong bank notes if a singapore-owned company raises its stake in the ...

hsbc holdings chairman stephen green said the london-based bank would consider buying the right assets of ...

mark mobius is leading a return of fund managers to india as the nation s biggest banks say demand for cars and homes will ...

the country s third-largest private sector lender axis bank is all set to enter the mutual fund business in the next six to ...

citigroup inc, facing the threat of a break-up or sale, received $306 billion of us government guarantees for troubled mortgages ...

us-based life insurance giant, new york life (nyl), plans to increase its stake in max new york life, once the insurance sector ...

switzerland s leading pension and insurance solution provider, swiss life, is looking for partners to enter the ...

in a bid to expand its product portfolio, country s largest bank state bank of india (sbi) today signed an agreement with ...

most mutual funds restricted their buying only to non-convertible debentures (ncds) having daily put-call options and avoided ...

fearing a cut in financial support from banks as a result of a global slowdown, exporters, especially from small and medium ...

the call money rate ended steady at around 7 per cent today despite banks borrowing heavily because supply and overall liquidity ...

despite the global downturn, the bengal circle of state bank of india (sbi) has set a target of rs 2600 crore of disbursals to ...

the us government has decided to extend a fresh lifeline to crisis-ridden citigroup with a $40 billion capital infusion, while ...

the job of running crisis-ridden citigroup is still with india-born vikram pandit, who revived the american behemoth s years-old ...

the uk-based financial services firm standard chartered today said it will raise 1.8 billion pound through a rights issue to ...

state bank of india has signed a joint venture agreement with insurance australia group, to form a joint venture company which ...

federal regulators were nearing finalising a plan to remove billions of dollars of toxic assets from the balance sheet of ...

ujjivan financial services, the bangalore-based microfinance institution focusing on the urban and semi-urban poor, has completed ...

after parting ways with dutch asset management firm aegon, religare enterprises is considering proposals for a new joint venture ...

the board for industrial and financial reconstruction ( bifr) is all set to clear the revival package of paradeep phosphate ...

the government and the reserve bank of india (rbi) are contemplating to open a special rs 20,000 crore refinance window to boost ...

it may come as a surprise, but the us banking behemoth citigroup is still looking out for new employees and has posted more than ...

at a time when the idea of cost-cutting has gripped banks all over the world, the country s private lender federal bank ...

a look at traditional debt instruments....

at a time when the idea of cost-cutting has gripped banks all over the world strongly, the country s private lender federal bank ...

citigroup s board is considering firing its chief executive vikram pandit, who was appointed as ceo late last year to infuse ...

days after citi s global ceo vikram pandit said the group planned to reduce head-count by 52,000, there are reports that ...

citigroup inc chief executive officer vikram pandit told employees he doesn t plan to break up the company, aiming to ...

an internal working group of the finance ministry has recommended setting up a statutory body to manage india s public ...

with various industries complaining of not receiving adequate credit, the government has turned to micro-management by asking ...

indiabulls financial services has said it may convert to a bank when rules permit, seeking to emulate role models hdfc bank and ...

after slashing investments in mutual funds in september amid liquidity crunch, banks have begun to increase their exposure to mfs ...

india s foreign exchange reserve fell by $5.01 billion to $246.35 billion during the week-ended november 14, 2008 as the ...

days after citi s global ceo vikram pandit revealed the group s plans to reduce headcounts by 52,000, there are reports that the ...

credit rating agency icra today said that debt programmes of private sector lender icici bank carry highest credit quality ...

chennai-based public sector bank indian overseas bank (iob) has increased interest rate on non-resident (external) rupee ...

the indian rupee fell by 30 paise against the us currency to rs 50.50 in early trade today on heavy outflows of foreign funds ...

the bank of new york mellon corp said it will cut its worldwide work force by 4 per cent, or about 1,800 jobs, blaming the weak ...

mutual funds shunned investing in certificates of deposit and commercial papers on thursday as they received limited inflows in ...

call money rate ended soft at around 6.30 per cent on thursday amid thin demand with banks having already met most of their ...

government bond prices surged across the curve on thursday on hope that slowing economic growth, problems in credit delivery to ...

the finance ministry has initiated the process to find reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor v leeladhar s successor, ...

the rupee continued to lose its strength and hit a record low of 50.5925 on thuresday against the us dollar amid a stock market ...

after the central bank s rare move to clarify the liquidity position of india s second largest lender icici bank in ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has allowed up to 49 per cent foreign investment in credit information companies (cics) by a ...

at a time when the global banking industry is bearing the brunt of financial meltdown, punjab national bank (pnb), the second ...

syndicate bank today increased the interest rates on short term deposits, with effect from november 20. for domestic term ...

the indian rupee today depreciated by another 38 paise against $ in early trade on increased capital outflows and strong demand ...

the federal reserve s efforts to rescue the us from financial collapse risks eclipse of central bank s benchmark ...

nomura holdings chief executive officer kenichi watanabe, who s spending $2 billion to take over 8,000 employees from ...

ratings agency fitch on wednesday retained a bbb-grade on icici bank s long-term foreign currency issuer default rating ...

indiabulls group, the mumbai-based finance firm funded by billionaire lakshmi mittal, is shifting from increasing profitability ...

financial services giant rabobank and investment banking major rothschild have entered into a co-operation agreement on wednesday ...

at a time when the global banking industry is feeling the pinch of the global credit crunch, central bank of india is planning to ...

infrastructure financing non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) have approached the reserve bank of india (rbi) for relaxation ...

government bond prices ended up but off from day s highs after profit booking and comments from a finance ministry official ...

mutual funds received inflows into their liquid schemes but remained cautious before the corporate advance tax payments and ...

borrowings of scheduled commercial banks from the reserve bank of india (rbi) touched rs 3,058 crore during the fortnight-ended ...

the global financial meltdown is likely to impact the indian banking industry, feels kc chakrabarty, chairman and managing ...

the banks having more than 15 branches in the state should set up the entrepreneurship development institutes (edis) in line with ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked banks to avail of refinance facility it provides to extend credit support to micro and ...

canara bank has increased the interest rates on fcnr nre term deposits, with effect from november 16, 2008. the rates for ...

deterioration in icici bank s financial profile notwithstanding, credit rating agency fitch today retained various ratings on the ...

private insurance company kotak mahindra old mutual life insurance today said that the heavy redemption witnessed by country s ...

indian bank has revised interest rates on fcnr (b) deposits in us dollar, the revised interest rate has been fixed at 4.17 per ...

an improvement in the liquidity situation is visible as also an increased inflow into mutual funds this month, a top mutual funds ...

the rupee was quoted steady against the us currency at 49.68 69 in late morning trade after opening weak, as expectations of a ...

iffco-tokio general insurance co, the joint venture promoted by indian farmers fertiliser co-operative (iffco) and its associates ...

uk-based eredene capital plc has committed to invest around rs 40 crore for developing a new container freight station (cfs) ...

after mutual funds (mfs) and non-banking finance companies (nbfcs), now it is probably the turn of the aviation industry to get ...

as the global turmoil spills into india, eight leading bankers discussed banking in tough times at the business ...

max new york life insurance, the country s fourth largest private sector insurer, mulls hiring around 14,000 employees and 30,000 ...

south indian bank (sib) today raised the interest rates for foreign currency and rupee deposits by non-residents, which would ...

icici bank is hopeful of retaining loan growth rate of 15 per cent in the current financial year despite ongoing economic ...

soon after the reserve bank of india (rbi) revised the guidelines for fcnr and nre deposits, allahabad bank today announced ...

d subbarao, reserve bank of india (rbi) governor today said that he was monitoring the current financial situation in the country ...

syndicate bank has revised the interest rates upwards on non-resident external (nre) term deposits and fcnr(b) deposits, with ...

aloula geojit brokerage company, a joint venture between geojit financial services and saudi arabia s al johar group, today said ...

the rupee was headed towards the 50-mark today as it fell by 37 paise to 49.71 72 against the $ in sync with bearish equity ...

despite a slew of measures by the reserve bank to infuse liquidity in the system, the spreads in the money market remain at ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has permitted housing finance companies (hfcs) to raise up to $10 million through short-term ...

the punjab national bank (pnb) today launched a pilot project on mobile or branchless banking service at daringibadi in tribal ...

pakistan s debt rating remains on review for a downgrade as a narrow avoidance of default was not a vast ...

kotak mahindra bank is planning to sign up new overseas alliances with financial firms as the global credit crisis forces local ...

many commercial banks on monday raised the interest rate on nri deposits by 75 basis points (bps) to attract foreign currency ...

even though the reserve bank of india (rbi) has reduced the risk weightage on loans to commercial developers and cut general ...

the indian economy might be facing a temporary setback with inflation hovering around 9.80 percent and gdp growth rate at 7 ...

deutsche bank india asked the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday to further cut reserve ratios as well as policy rates, and ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it is committed to providing liquidity in the system so that the economy functions ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country largest private sector lender, has hiked interest rates on its foreign currency and rupee ...

with global financial conditions unlikely to improve shortly, financial services major citigroup today said the reserve bank of ...

india s second largest bank icici bank today announced that it has revised the interest rates on its nre fixed ...

in a bid to expand its business in orissa, the public sector oriental bank of commerce (obc) plans to open five more branches in ...

with inflation coming down to single digit of 8.98 per cent after a gap of five months, country s largest lender state bank of ...

in the midst of a credit crisis, private sector insurer metlife india insurance company has got a capital infusion of rs 100 ...

with inflation coming down to single digit level of 8.98 per cent, cii chief k v kamath today said key policy rates could be ...

the reserve bank of india today announced a slew of measures to attract foreign currency deposits and boost liquidity to mutual ...

in the midst of the global financial crisis taking its toll on banks in the us and europe, employees of asian banks have joined ...

the kolkata headquartered allahabad bank will focus on the southern and western states and plans to open about 13 new branches in ...

kerala-based private sector lender dhanalakshmi bank plans to recruit close to 400 employees, almost one-third of its present ...

at a time when retrenchment has almost become synonymous with financial companies, state-run union bank of india is looking to ...

vikram pandit-led citigroup, the world s largest bank, will hand out pink slips to at least 10,000 employees beginning this week ...

union bank of india, a public sector lender, today launched its mobile banking service, umobile enabling its customers perform ...

central bank of india, a public sector lender, today announced that it has raised rs 300 crore from bonds to meet capital ...

in the wake of pressing challenges to doing business posed by financial meltdown, fluctuating demand and supply, rising oil ...

in order to plug redemptions, icici prudential mutual fund has increased the exit load on some of its fixed maturity plan (fmp) ...

in a move that could impact banks profitability from forex trade, the revenue department has asked them to pay 0.25 per ...

global banking major, standard chartered today said its subsidiary, standard chartered bank (hong kong) has agreed to acquire ...

japan s number two bank mizuho financial, hit hard by the credit crunch, said today it would bolster its finances with a capital ...

state-run banks might reduce their bulk deposit rates by 2-3 per cent in the near future following the finance ministry s ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic), the country s largest life insurer, has registered a 16 per cent fall in its new ...

arval india private ltd (aipl), a subsidiary of bnp paribas, will invest rs 400 crore over the next three years to grow its ...

mumbai-based financial services company, edelweiss, has issued pink slips to about 30 employees as a part of the company s cost ...

icici bank will cut down on timing of some branch operations to nine hours from 12 hours earlier in an effort to improve ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has temporarily enhanced the ways and means advance (wma) for government to rs 20,000 crore for ...

state-run banks might reduce their bulk deposit rates by 2-3 per cent in the near future following finance ministry s instruction ...

dutch bank and insurance group ing, which received a massive cash injection from the government last month, reported today its ...

religare, an integrated financial services provider, has formed a strategic alliance with karur vysya bank to offer equity ...

chinese banks are expected to hand out more than $76 bn in new loans in the fourth quarter, according to central bank figures ...

state-run power producer ntpc closed its bond issue on the first day itself as the rs 500-crore issue was subscribed six times ...

loss of two major bancassurance partners during april-september has pulled down premium income of aviva india life insurance ...

prime minister s economic advisory council chairman suresh d tendulkar on tuesday said there is a need to cut the reverse ...

there were no issuances of certificates of deposit (cds) and commercial papers on tuesday as fund managers remained cautious on ...

government bond prices firmed up sharply on fresh demand from banks and corporates, while call rates ended lower on the overnight ...

singapore-based deutsche asia pacific holdings (daph), a subsidiary of deutsche bank ag, is all set to pick up a 26 per cent ...

citigroup inc, the fourth-biggest us bank by market value, plans to stem foreclosures as the firm modifies about $20 billion in ...

american express co won us federal reserve approval to become a commercial bank, gaining access to government funds as ...

syndicated loan volumes in india have declined by nearly 46 per cent in the nine months ended september compared to the year-ago ...

us federal reserve has approved the application of credit card major american express to become a bank holding company, which ...

public sector lender syndicate bank is planning to consolidate its business by opening 75 new branches in the country this year, ...

micro finance institution cashpor india, has adopted classifeye s innovative camera-phone-based transactions and ...

the indian rupee today plunged by 27 paise against the greenback in early trade on heavy dollar demand from importers amid weak ...

disbursement by non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) has declined by 50 per cent over the last two months, according to a report ...

the government on monday issued rs 22,000 crore worth of oil bonds to the three oil marketing companies to partly compensate them ...

sks microfinance, a hyderabad-based non-banking financing company, has received $75 million (about rs 366 crore) in the fourth ...

sbi life insurance, the second largest private life insurance company in india, has targeted a total business volume of rs 11,000 ...

the reserve bank of india could toy with the idea of open market purchases of goverment securities after the overwhelming success ...

prime minister s economic advisory council chairman suresh d tendulkar on monday said concerns over liquidity tightness ...

with the global slowdown reaching indian shores, banks may see a rise in defaults from companies, small- and medium-size firms ...

mutual funds were buying certificates of deposit (cds) and non-convertible debentures (ncds) as they received inflows from banks ...

in a letter written to the union finance ministry, the planning commission and the reserve bank of india (rbi), kolkata-based ...

in view of spurt in crop loan defaults for the year 2007-08, the west bengal state cooperative bank(wbscb) has decided to waive ...

the supreme court on monday admitted an appeal against the order of the national consumer commission, which had imposed ...

among important centres of commerce in emerging countries, india s financial capital mumbai offers the best financial services ...

the disbursement levels of the non-banking financial companies (nbfc), on an average have declined by 50 per cent over the last ...

syndicate bank today reduced its floating interest rates on housing loans by 75 basis points, with effect from november 8, 2008. ...

global banking giant hsbc said today that its pre-tax profits had risen in the third-quarter despite loan write-offs in the ...

hyderabad-based sks microfinance, the country s largest non-banking finance company (nbfc), today claimed to have raised a ...

the supreme court (sc) today admitted an appeal against the order of the national consumer commission (ncc), which had imposed ...

icici home finance, has launched a sepcial offer on fixed deposits with an interest rate at 11.15% per annum, payable annually on ...

state-owned andhra bank today reduced its benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) by 0.75% to 13.25% with immediate effect.

the central cooperative banks (ccbs) in orissa have recently received about rs 656.70 crore towards claims under debt relief ...

the kerala office of nabard has released rs 89.06 crore to cooperative banks and regional rural banks in the state under the ...

public sector banks in karnataka have joined hands with the state government to increase employment opportunities for rural youth ...

as bindra, the father of ace shooter and olympic gold medallist abhinav bindra, has defaulted to banks and financial ...

the foreign investment promotion board (fipb) has rejected a proposal by tata investment corporation (tic) to issue zero coupon ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh) aims to expand its presence in orissa by setting up four new branches in the state in ...

bangalore-based public sector bank, canara bank, has announced reduction in its lending rates for housing loans by 75 basis ...

state-run bank of baroda has said its life insurance venture with the uk-based legal and general group is expected to start ...

canara bank cut home loan rates by 75 basis points (bps) and interest rates on automobile loans by 100 bps, the bank said in a ...

the country s two largest banks do not need to borrow dollar funds from the reserve bank of india s (rbi) special ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has put out an approach paper for regulating issuance of pre-paid payment instruments, such as ...

billionaire warren buffett-led berkshire hathaway inc has posted a 76.78 per cent decline in net earnings at $ 1.06 billion for ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will provide foreign exchange liquidity to foreign branches and subsidiaries of indian banks ...

the government and reserve bank of india are working on measures that include relaxing norms for non-performing assets (npas or ...

bank of india (boi) today said that n narendra has taken over as its executive director, with effect from november 6. prior to ...

indian banks may see higher npa levels from their consumer durable and personal loan portfolios moving ahead and needs to take ...

state bank of mysore (sbm), bangalore-based associate bank of sbi group, has revised its benchmark prime lending rate (plr) ...

jag mohan garg, executive director of punjab national bank has joined mangalore-based public sector lender corporation bank as ...

in order to slash its costs by $1.8 bn in 2009, major us credit card group american express, will lay off 7,000 of its employees, ...

barclays, global financial services provider, today launched its global retail and commercial bank india website in hindi, the ...

singapore s dbs group, southeast asia s biggest bank by assets, said today it was cutting 900 staff to trim costs amid the global ...

the associated chambers of commerce and industry of india (assocham) has said that based on the non-performing assets ...

after resuming lower, the indian rupee was quoted stable at 47.71 72 against the us currency in late morning deals on ...

the most comprehensive report on unregulated credit-default swaps didn t disclose bets in the section of the more than $47 ...

government bond prices firmed up sharply on good demand from banks and corporates while call rates ended lower on the overnight ...

the new-generation indian banks are on a par with their global peers in terms of risk appetite, governance and use of ...

the top management of madhavpura mercantile co-operative bank (mmcb) is planning to sell off its assets to repay rs 99 crore it ...

despite the slew of measures taken by the reserve bank of india (rbi) in recent weeks, bankers said on thursday that liquidity ...

to provide insurance cover to the people in the lower socio-economic strata, the private sector general insurer icici lombard ...

as the financial turmoil rages on , a relatively new practice of lending and borrowing without intermediaries such as banks is ...

the bank of england (boe) unexpectedly cut the benchmark interest rate by 1.5 percentage points to the lowest since 1955 as ...

the european central bank (ecb) lowered interest rates for the second time in less than a month to counter the euro ...

the world bank on thursday agreed to slash mandatory one-time contribution amount from each household in rural areas for the ...

the uttarakhand finance department today said it was not in a position to concede the demand of the business community for ...

loans from premier public sector lender, state bank of india, will be cheaper with the bank deciding to cut its prime lending ...

the bank of england today slashed its benchmark interest rate to 3 per cent, reportedly the lowest in over 50 years, a move which ...

south indian bank (sib) has been adjudged as the best performer in asset quality category among private sector banks ...

canara bank, bangalore-based second largest public sector lender, has reduced its benchmark prime lending rate (plr) by 75 basis ...

dena bank has announced a reduction of 75 bps in its bplr from 14.25 per cent to 13.50 per cent.

srei infrastructure finance, an infrastructure non-banking finance company, today said it will not reduce its lending rates ...

bank of baroda has decided to reduce its benchmark prime lending rate (plr) by 75 basis points from existing 14 per cent to 13.25 ...

allahabad bank today announced reduction in its prime lending rates (plr) by 75 basis points, with effect from november ...

there is a need to ensure adequate liquidity in the banking system as funding sources overseas have almost dried up, a top ...

the finance ministry today said inter-bank call money rates, which had shot up to over 20 per cent on friday last before rbi cut ...

goldman sachs group inc has begun notifying about 3,200 employees globally that they have lost their jobs, as the world s biggest ...

the chief executive of fallen investment bank lehman brothers will step down by the end of the year without severance or a bonus, ...

vijaya bank s net profit for the financial year 2008-09 is likely to remain flat or may even be lower, on year, due to the ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india, on wednesday said that it expects 40 per cent growth in its net profit ...

finance minister p chidambaram on wednesday asked banks to take certificates of deposit (cds) of all banks as collateral from ...

government bond prices ended down on wednesday as investors trimmed portfolios eyeing big supply of bonds through auctions friday ...

nexus india capital, a mumbai-based venture capital fund with $320 million (rs 1,568 crore) under management, is looking at ...

state-owned banks fear finance minister p chidambaram s directive to lend to mutual funds and non-banking finance companies ...

banks should give more credit to small and medium enterprises in the present financial crisis, said experts at a seminar on ...

indian banks, especially small, private sector lenders, are curtailing their atm expansion plans as the reserve bank of india ...

the private and foreign banks operating in the country have assured the government that they will reduce their lending and ...

industry representatives with business interest in the us expect president-elect barack obama to increase government spending to ...

upbeat about its innovative mallassurance channel, future generali, the insurance joint venture between future ...

four public sector banks (psb) on wednesday reduced their benchmark prime lending rate by 50-75 basis points, a day after the ...

india s second largest lender, icici bank, today played its cards close to the chest on lending rate cuts and said it would ...

mangalore-based public sector lender, corporation bank, today revised downward its benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) by 75 ...

kolkata-based united bank of india (ubi) today announced 50 basis points cut in prime lending rate (plr), and it will reduce the ...

bank of india (boi), a public sector lender, today cut its benchmark prime lending rate (plr) by 75 basis points to 13.25 ...

suffering from the financial crisis, france s largest bank bnp paribas sa today said its net income has declined by 55.55 per ...

dhanalakshmi bank, a private sector bank, today said its net profit grew by 17.85 per cent to rs 8.78 crore for the second ...

following a meeting with finance secretary arun ramanathan, private banks today indicated that they will cut lending and deposit ...

finance secretary arun ramanathan today held a meeting with top executives of private and foreign banks to review liquidity ...

the indian rupee today appreciated by another 75 paise at 46.97 against the greenback in early trade on heavy dollar selling by ...

the government s recent efforts to prop up foreign institutional investments in corporate debt market has not found many ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) repurchase auctions of two gilts under the market stabilisation scheme (mss) for a total ...

rupee rose reversing early losses as banks sold the greenback noting the turnaround in the local share market movement, dealers ...

global rating agency moody s has downgraded the supported long-term bank deposits and senior unsecured debt of icici bank ...

royal bank of scotland group plc, waiting to take up the uk s biggest bank bailout, abandoned its full-year profit forecast ...

the rough patch the insurance industry is going through because of detariffing and accentuated by the general ...

state bank of india, the country s largest lender, today said that it will reduce its benchmark lending rate by at least 50 basis ...

syndicate bank today announced a downward revision in its benchmark prime lending rate by 75 basis points to 13.25 per cent per ...

global rating agency moody s has said the long-term debt and bank deposit ratings for icici bank uk, the british subsidiary of ...

the indian rupee today slipped by 22 paise against the greenback in early trade following fresh dollar buying by state-run banks ...

two public sector banks, union bank of india and united bank of india (ubi), today cut lending rates by 25-50 basis points (bps) ...

redemption pressures and a sharp fall in share prices have turned overseas institutional investors and hedge funds into distress ...

a study by abn amro said that the growth of india s manufacturing sector came at a weaker rate this october as compared to ...

in an attempt to tide over the current turbulent economic conditions, non-banking finance company shriram transport finance ...

sbi card is planning to roll out a financial difficulty package for customers who have been good at repayment, yet ...

finance minister p chidambaram is likely to advise public sector banks to ensure adequate financing support to industrial sectors ...

ubs ag, switzerland s largest bank, faces dozens of claims in the us from clients who bought 100 per cent principal ...

having lost significant market share to private players in the first half of the financial year, life insurance corporation of ...

the rupee strengthened to end at a two-week high against the dollar today as inflows from foreign funds after large outflows last ...

at a time when corporate india has seen its net profits shrink, banks, whose share prices have been hammered in recent weeks, ...

enthused by government s commitment to act proactively and ensure more liquidity to promote economic growth, icici bank managing ...

punjab national bank (pnb) today cut interest rates on foreign currency non-resident (fcnr) deposit schemes for dollar, british ...

country s largest lender state bank of india hopes to commence its custodial joint venture with french banking major societe ...

united bank of india (ubi) announced reduction in lending rates by 25 basis points to all advances linked with prime lending ...

in a bid to expand their global relationship, hsbc and visa announced that an exclusive partnership agreement extending to 20 ...

commerzbank, the second-biggest german bank, took the plunge and said today it would ask the government for 8.2 bn euro in cash ...

karur-based lakshmi vilas bank has reported a 29 per cent increase in net profit during the quarter ended september 30, 2008 at ...

state-run lender union bank of india today reduced its benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) by 50 basis points to 13.5 per cent ...

the indian currency today appreciated by 47 paise to 48.99 against the greenback in early trade on lack of dollar demand amid ...

leading lender idbi bank has decided to sell its housing loan subsidiary, idbi homefinance (ihfl), unlike its earlier plan to ...

state bank of india chairman o p bhatt today said the country s largest lender will take a call on revising interest rates ...

in an effort to soothe nerves of the country s mutual funds (mfs) and the non-banking finance companies (nbfcs), the ...

warning that mutual funds and non-banking financial institutions with an exposure of rs 630,000 crore could crumble under high ...

idbi bank has decided to sell its housing loan subsidiary, idbi homefinance (ihfl), unlike its earlier plan to merge the unit ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic), which manages funds worth rs 6,00,000 crore, will soon launch credit cards and ...

hailing rbi s latest policy package to infuse additional liquidity as a signal for a cut in interest rates, finance minister p ...

contrary to belief that it was under withdrawal pressure, india s top private sector lender icici bank today said that it has ...

cash-strapped non-banking finance companies, or nbfcs, may finally see their liquidity situation ease with the reserve bank of ...

the reserve bank of india today announced a fresh set of measures to infuse more liquidity into the financial system to encourage ...

after infusing rs 1,85,000-cr liquidity into the banking system, the rbi today effected yet another 100 basis points cut in cash ...

barclays plc, britain s second-biggest bank, will raise 7.3 billion ($11.8 billion) from a group that includes investors ...

kotak q2 pat falls 33.33% to rs 161 cr kotak mahindra bank today said its consolidated profit after tax (pat) fell over 33 per ...

syndicate bank q2 net up 15% syndicate bank today reported a 15.08 per cent rise in its net profit at rs 261.91 crore for the ...

punjab national bank, india s third largest lender, today cut its benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) by 50 basis points ...

despite a steep rise in non-tax provisions, punjab national bank (pnb) on friday said its second quarter net profit rose 31.31 ...

the union cabinet on friday approved a proposal to table a bill in parliament to increase the paid-up capital of state-run life ...

after mutual funds and banks, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today stepped in to help cash-strapped non-banking financing ...

after a four-year delay, the union cabinet today approved a bill for comprehensive amendment of insurance laws, including a ...

the union cabinet has given its approval for restructuring the capital base for the state-run uco bank, finance minister p ...

collateral and commodity management solutions and services provider, national bulk handling corporation ltd (nbhc) aims to tie up ...

fannie mae s portfolio of home loans and bonds grew at 2.3 per cent annual rate last month as federal regulators seized ...

orissa finance minister prafulla chandra ghadai today called upon the banks operating in the state to be liberal in extending ...

state-owned commercial banks are expected to garner at least rs 20,000 crore of additional bulk-deposits from public sector ...

trade was lacklustre, as there were very few buyers in the market today and as most traders refrained from purchasing secondary ...

deposits with state bank of india (sbi) have been growing daily by rs 1,000 crore on an average in the last 10 days, an executive ...

in a departure from the usual practice of direct recruitment, state bank of india (sbi) plans to use the services of headhunters ...

high provisions and a sharp fall in its non-interest income have hit the second quarter numbers of public sector lender central ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on wednesday relaxed the prudential norms for banks exposure to derivative contracts by ...

union finance minister p chidambaram will meet the heads of public sectors banks and financial institutions, like ifci and small ...

regional rural banks (rrbs), which have been playing a key role in rural lending, are now seeking more visibility and parity with ...

non-deposit-taking non-banking finance companies (nbfcs), with an asset size of rs 100 crore and above, can now increase their ...

government bond prices ended up on wednesday because investors bet that interest rate cuts across the globe and persistent ...

the rupee ended off highs against the dollar as most banks bought the greenback for importers to meet their month-end ...

the festive mood has been a little subdued in the realty market this season as home buyers are kept waiting and watching for a ...

the government and the reserve bank of india (rbi) today reviewed the liquidity conditions in the money markets, including the ...

finance minister p chidambaram today held discussions with regulators, policy-makers and economists to discuss the global ...

rising call money rates, at which banks give money to each other for short-term needs, are a matter of concern, even though ...

the bank of japan (boj) is considering additional credit easing measures, including a possible interest rate cut, in an attempt ...

the indian rupee today recovered by 29 paise at 49.59 per $ in early trade as dollar weakened against other asian currencies amid ...

iceland s central bank unexpectedly raised the benchmark interest rate to 18 percent, the highest in at least seven years, after ...

dubai gold and commodities exchange (dgcx) - an initiative of the financial technologies (india), multi commodity exchange of ...

mahindra mahindra (m m) financial services on monday said its consolidated net profit for the second quarter declined ...

the rupee recovered from its lows on intervention from the reserve bank of india (rbi), which stepped in to soften the blow due ...

in a major relief to exporters, the reserve bank of india has extended the time period for concessional interest rates for ...

jm financial reported on monday a 53.36 per cent drop in net profit (after tax, minority interest and share of associates) on a ...

the number of homes for sale fell to a seasonally adjusted 394,000, the fewest since june 2004 sales of new houses in the us ...

it is the end-use of funds borrowed by non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) and fixed maturity plans (fmps) of mutual funds that ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may hike the single-entity holding limit under the foreign direct investment (fdi) route in ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, on monday gave a strong signal of maintaining a status quo on ...

hit by higher provisioning and mark-to-market (mtm) losses on its overseas books, the country s largest private sector ...

jpmorgan india, which plans to invest $1 billion across sectors in the country, has so far committed $450 million in real estate, ...

indian federal bond yields fell as sliding commodity and oil prices raised expectations of a rate cut in the near term, but a ...

icici bank reported a consolidated net profit decline of 27.44% y-o-y to rs 651.48 crore for the quarter ended september ...

financial services major jm financial is expecting good business for its proposed asset reconstruction company (arc) due to ...

citigroup expects the reserve bank to further reduce the benchmark short-term lending (repo) rate or mandatory deposit that banks ...

the country s largest bank, state bank of india (sbi) has posted an 11.5 per cent increase in net profit during the ...

amid criticism of its exposure to toxic assets abroad, india s largest private sector lender icici bank today said its uk ...

the indian currency continued its downward march and plunged to 50.05 against the greenback in early trade today on heavy dollar ...

chennai-based indian bank is planning to launch gold bullion trading. a proposal to this effect was recently cleared by the board ...

within hours of the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) mid-term review of the annual policy on friday, top bankers ...

state bank of india (sbi) today said it signed a joint venture (jv) agreement with macquarie and international finance ...

state bank of india (sbi) chairman o p bhatt today indicated that the country s largest lender may not reduce interest ...

union bank of india has posted a net profit of rs 361.4 crore for the quarter ended september 2008, 31 per cent higher compared ...

rating agency icra today said its net profit for the second quarter ended september 30 grew by 20.49 per cent to rs 9.82 crore, ...

mangalore-based, old-generation, private-sector lender, karnataka bank, today reported a 22.3 per cent rise in its net profit at ...

corporation bank, the mangalore-based public sector lender, today reported a 18.6 per cent rise in its net profit at rs 191.51 ...

despite making large provisions for its overseas exposure, public sector lender bank of baroda (bob) today reported a 20.81 per ...

india s growth story will continue despite a slight deceleration, but there will be no recession as in some advanced ...

following its purchase of shares of leading us banks, the us government is considering buying equity stakes in insurance ...

corporation bank today reported 18.6 per cent rise in its net profit at rs 191.51 crore for the second quarter ended september ...

union bank of india has posted a net profit of rs 361.4 crore for the quarter ended september 30, 2008, 31 per cent higher as ...

india s growth story will continue despite a slight deceleration, but there will be no recession as in some advanced economies, ...

another sign of deepening financial crisis, stearns bank will acquire the georgia-based alpha bank and trust, the 16th american ...

the pound tumbled below $1.53 in its biggest drop in at least 37 years after a report showed the uk economy contracted more than ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has allowed clearing corporation of india (ccil) to provide guarantee to inter-bank currency ...

government bond prices tumbled on friday by over a rupee-and-a-half as absence of any new liquidity boosting measures from ...

the rupee fell to its all-time low when it touched 50 per dollar intraday after local shares plunged 11-12 per cent to their ...

public sector lender idbi bank s second quarter net profit has risen 4 per cent to rs 162 crore driven by higher fee-based ...

india inc today demanded additional measures including cutting interest rates further and infusing additional liquidity to ...

the reserve bank today held steady its key rates, surprising bankers who said that customers would have to wait awhile for any ...

bankers today said they do not expect lending and deposit rates to decline in the immediate term following the reserve bank s ...

the struggling insurance giant american international group has already used up three-quarters of a $ 123 bn government rescue ...

the asian development bank (adb) has extended an eight-year loan of $ 800 bn to himachal pradesh to finance the construction of ...

finance minster p chidambaram, reacting to the reserve bank of india s mid-term review of annual policy for the year ...

the indian rupee today breached the crucial 50-level against the greenback on sustained dollar purchases by foreign banks and ...

bangalore-based phoenix group global, owner and promoter of luxury resorts, is planning to invest over rs 500 crore in various ...

rabo india finance ltd, hired by the punjab state cooperative milk producers federation ltd (popularly known as milkfed) ...

chrysler llc, the third-largest us automaker, will eliminate 25 percent of its salaried workforce, or about 4,300 jobs, starting ...

with the global financial crisis hurting more companies in developed countries, indian insurance firms have hiked premium rates ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has started a comprehensive review of the operational guidelines applicable to foreign banks in ...

government bond prices continued to head north on thuresday because worries of a cut in statutory liquidity ratio faded prompting ...

hdfc bank, india s second-largest private bank, has overtaken icici bank, the largest private player, in terms of market ...

the proposed divestment of 21.5 per cent stake in axis bank by state-run special undertaking of unit trust of india (suuti) has ...

sbi life insurance co on thursday launched its first group health insurance plan criti9 for state bank group ...

amid the gloom and doom there may be some good news with a survey conducted by the reserve bank of india indicating that ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is considering options to make cheaper finance available to the non-banking finance companies ...

punjab national bank (pnb) has initiated its first financial inclusion project in south india for informal sector workers in ...

kumbakonam-based private bank city union bank has reported a 42 per cent increase in net profit in the quarter ended september ...

edelweiss capital posted a profit after tax (pat) of rs 43.6 crore in the quarter ended september 30, 2008, a drop of 22.6 per ...

public sector lender, dena bank reported a 11.59 per cent increase in net profit to rs 102.83 crore for the quarter ended ...

city-based public-sector lender vijaya bank today reported a 24.1 per cent drop in its net profit to rs 79.88 crore for the ...

a relaxation in the external commercial borrowing (ecb) norms by the reserve bank of india (rbi) is unlikely to bring any fresh ...

international banks have sharply reduced their exposure to banks and non-banks in india during the second quarter of this year, ...

the macro-economic review released by the reserve bank of india (rbi) on the eve of the mid-term monetary policy review has shown ...

with the financial world in the grip of turmoil, the net foreign capital flows to india were lower until early october 2008 ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thuresday said there were signs of moderation in inflationary pressures but warned that ...

high interest rates seem to have had an impact on personal loan flows, but there is a spurt in credit-card outstanding, according ...

the hong kong monetary authority today intervened in the foreign exchange market, buying 3.88 bn hong kong dollars (500 mn) worth ...

uti mutual fund today launched its unique scheme, uti wealth builder fund-series ii which combines the benefits of ...

vijaya bank has reported a dip of 24.10% in its net profit at rs 79.88 cr in the quarter ended by september 30, 2008 as against ...

public sector lender vijaya bank today said its net profit for the second quarter ended september 30 witnessed a 24.10% dip at rs ...

tamil nadu-based city union bank today said its net profit for the second quarter ended september 30 rose 40.53% at rs 37.65 ...

the indian rupee today touched an all-time low of 49.68 against the greenback in early trade following increased dollar demand ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on wednesday said the flow of credit from scheduled commercial banks, including regional rural ...

efg international, switzerland s third-largest private banking major, is understood to be eyeing $3-billion assets under ...

the government is likely to infuse rs 3,000 crore in seven public sector banks to shore up their capital adequacy ratio (car) to ...

government bond prices ended off highs on wednesday as fears of oversupply and a cut in banks statutory liquidity ratio ...

coming down heavily on icici bank for making unsolicited calls to mobile-phone users, the delhi high court on wednesday declined ...

with the reserve bank of india (rbi) lowering the cash reserve ratio (crr) by 250 basis points to 6.5 per cent, the system ...

asian currencies fell against the greenback, led by south korea s won and indonesia s rupiah, on concern that a ...

the reserve bank of india today threw open overseas borrowing norms by allowing companies to borrow up to $500 million for rupee ...

investors are taking losses of up to 90 per cent in the $1.2 trillion market for collateralised debt obligations tied to ...

coal india limited (cil) has zeroed in on 3 consultants - pwc, ernst young and crisil - to do the financial due-diligence ...

the icici bank, the second largest bank in the country, will focus on the rural market and the agriculture sector for its future ...

infrastructure development finance company (idfc) has registered a 14.87 per cent rise in net profit to rs 232.27 crore for the ...

consumer finance company bajaj auto finance on wednesdayx said its net profit for the second quarter ended september 30 rose by ...

bajaj finserv posted a net loss of rs 11.87 crore for the second quarter ended september 2008 on a consolidated basis, as ...

riding on higher income from advances and investments, public sector lender oriental bank of commerce (obc) has posted a 35 per ...

yes bank on wednesday reported a 40.5 per cent jump in net profit at rs 63.62 crore for the second quarter, as against rs 45.28 ...

bank of india (boi) reported a 79.39 per cent rise in net profit to rs 762.8 crore for the quarter ended september 30, 2008, ...

expressing concern over the lack of accountability of rating agencies, the top bjp leadership today sought options from ...

the us federal reserve reached deeper into the troubled financial system, offering up to $540 billion of help to money market ...

private sector bank yes bank has posted a 41 per cent increase in its net for the second quarter of this financial year as ...

state-run oriental bank of commerce today said it has posted a net profit of rs 236.89 crore for the second quarter ended ...

amidst economic slowdown, british insurance major legal general is looking to india as a source of growth and is likely to ...

the indian rupee plunged by 25 paise against the greenback in early trade today following increased dollar demand from importers ...

the net profit of indiabulls securities has declined 33.72 per cent at rs 37.60 for the quarter ended september 30, ...

clearing and settlement of around 120,000 transactions amounting to a total volume of rs 4 lakh crore on the real-time gross ...

faced with increasing rescue packages in europe and elsewhere to bail out the battered banks, credit markets are showing ...

by cutting the rate at which it lends to commercial banks, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has decisively signalled that it has ...

shree cement ltd today reported a net profit of rs 107.49 crore during the second quarter ended september, up merely 1 per cent ...

emami limited s fmcg business recorded a consolidated growth of 21.6 per cent in net sales to touch rs 127 crore during the ...

the reserve bank of india has expressed concern at the low credit-deposit (cd) ratio of commercial banks in punjab, especially in ...

india s gdp growth rate might dip below the government estimate of 7 percent from its current 7.9 percent in the first quarter of ...

even as foreign institutional investors rapidly pull out their money from dalal street, norway s sovereign wealth fund, the ...

the cost of borrowing in euros for three months fell to the lowest level since before lehman brothers holdings inc collapsed as ...

france s investment in its six biggest banks brings to at least $128 billion the amount european governments are pouring ...

the government and the reserve bank of india (rbi) are looking at easing external commercial borrowings (ecb) guidelines and ...

on sunday september 21, just before 3 pm, lloyd blankfein gathered the top executives of goldman sachs group in his 30th-floor ...

indiabulls financial services has recorded a 27.95 per cent fall in consolidated net profit after tax and minority interest at rs ...

icici prudential life insurance reported a 56 per cent growth in premium in the half year ended september 30, 2008. the premium ...

state-owned idbi bank plans to raise up to rs 2,000 crore through upper tier-ii bonds to shore up its capital base and support ...

lic housing finance has reported a 16.06 per cent rise in the net profit to rs 135.06 crore for the second quarter ended ...

the global financial turmoil has forced lic housing finance, the country s second mortgage player, to go slow on a proposed ...

the decline in credit quality continued for the first six months of the financial year 2008-09, where three long-term ratings ...

normal payment and settlement operations of the reserve bank were affected today as the employee union went on a mass ...

manipal-headquartered public sector lender, syndicate bank, is taking electronic way to extend the financial inclusion project to ...

mumbai-based asia motorworks (amw), manufacturer of heavy and medium commercial vehicles is eyeing the karnataka market for boost ...

government bond prices surged today, rising rs 2.35 at close on monday, as a steep 100-basis point cut in the repo rate to 8 per ...

state bank of bikaner jaipur (sbbj) on monday said that its net profit rose 36.20 per cent to rs 179.37 crore during ...

the government said on monday that banks have provided rs 95,064 crore as agricultural loans in the first six months of the ...

il fs investment manager on monday announced a net profit of rs 14.41 crore for the second quarter ended september 30, a two ...

bangalore-based and india s second largest public sector lender, canara bank, on monday reported a robust 31.8 per cent ...

state bank of mysore (sbm) registered a margial drop of 1.1 per cent in its net profit at rs 90.16 crore for the second quarter ...

after raising $51.73 million (around rs 248 crore) in june through issue of global depository receipts (gdrs), private sector ...

most bankers indicated that they may lower deposit and lending rates after the reserve bank of india (rbi) today signalled an end ...

federal reserve chairman ben s bernanke endorsed additional fiscal stimulus, saying the credit crunch is hitting ...

by cutting the rate at which the central bank lends to commercial banks, reserve bank of india (rbi) has decisively signalled ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today lowered the repo rate, or the rate at which it lends to banks, by 100 basis points to 8 per ...

the reserve bank today said it has appointed deepak mohanty as the head of its economic policy, statistics and information ...

while the recent moves by the regulator has eased the near-term liquidity pressure for banks, there are concerns pertaining to ...

chennai-based, state-run indian bank has reported a 14.27 per cent increase in net profit during the second quarter ended ...

federal bank posted a 20 per cent rise in net profit at rs 114.28 crore for the quarter ended september 2008 compared with rs ...

private-sector lender bank of rajasthan (bor) today announced a net profit of rs 34.63 crore for the second quarter ended ...

kolkata-based allahabad bank has reported nearly 83 per cent fall in net profit to rs 41.68 crore for the second quarter ended ...

the reserve bank of india today said that there may be some disruption of normal work, including an impact on the payment and ...

chennai-based indian bank has reported 14.27 per cent increase in net profit during the quarter ended september at rs 282.93 ...

indian bank posted 14.27 per cent rise in net profit at rs 282.92 crore for the quarter ended september 30, 2008 as against rs ...

weighed down by huge contingency plan, allahabad bank today reported 83 per cent fall in net profit at rs 41.69 crore for the ...

federal bank today reported a 20 per cent rise in net profit at rs 114.28 crore for the quarter ended september 30, 2008 when ...

india s foreign exchange reserves fell $9.94 billion during the week ending october 10, 2008 to $274 billion mainly because the ...

china s securities regulator said the government will unveil measures to stabilise the country s markets, while exhorting ...

hdfc, the country s largest housing finance company, today said second quarter net profit rose 32.42 per cent, excluding ...

the net profit after tax of hdfc grew 32.4 per cent to rs 534.23 crore for the quarter ended september 2008 against rs 403.44 ...

mangalore-based public sector lender, corporation bank, is offering a festival bonanza on corp home and corp mobile loans from ...

the government has sought data from the reserve bank of india to consider a proposal to enhance the investment limit for bank ...

larsen toubro (l t) is looking to expand its financial services business and hopes to have a presence in each and every ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh) reported a 29.8 per cent rise in net profit at rs 184.84 crore for the quarter ended september 2008 ...

driven by strong growth in fee income, private lender indusind bank today reported a 51 per cent surge in net profit for the ...

a day after the reserve bank announced an increase in interest rate ceiling by 50 basis points on non-resident deposits, two ...

hdfc bank, the country s second largest private sector lender, which merged centurion bank of punjab with itself in may ...

state bank of india, the country s largest lender, is not likely to cut lending rates immediately, at least not before ...

switzerland gave ubs ag, the european bank with the biggest losses from the credit crisis, a $59.2 billion rescue and pushed ...

the rupee ended down against the dollar as banks bought the greenback noting persistent outflows from foreign funds on a sharp ...

government bond yields fell almost 20 basis points today because the reserve bank of india s 100-bps cut in banks ...

the inward remittance cell of the state bank of india (sbi), which was expected to start functioning by september, will now start ...

indian mutual funds sold a net rs 7,720 crore ($1.6 billion) of debt this month, the most this year, to meet redemptions from ...

the union cabinet today deferred a decision on the much awaited insurance bill that aims at raising the foreign direct investment ...

a day after the reserve bank of india announced an increase in interest rate ceiling by 50 basis points on non-resident deposits ...

rupee today breached the 49 mark against the us $ and fell by 52 paise in early trade following increased capital outflow by ...

with government funding for banks no longer a taboo globally, india too has joined the rush to enhance the capital base of its ...

rupee ended down today, snapping its two-day rise against the dollar, led by persistent outflows from foreign funds, dollar ...

even as the government and the reserve bank of india (rbi) today announced a slew of measures to enhance liquidity into the ...

foreign institutional investors (fiis) have been selling their holdings in frontline private sector banks such as icici bank and ...

the uttarakhand government today said it would sign an agreement with the manila-based asian development bank (adb) for getting a ...

the reserve bank of india today reduced the cash reserve ratio (crr), or the proportion of deposits banks set aside, by another ...

after extensive consultations among top policy makers including prime minister manmohan singh, the government today announced ...

sotheby s said it borrowed $250 million and cut guarantees it will offer sellers for the rest of the year by one-third as global ...

the federal reserve may subsidise america s companies by purchasing their short-term debt at rates below those demanded by ...

three-month rate for dollars has risen about 3 bps since oct 8. dollar money-market rates fell after the european central bank, ...

the cash reserve ratio (crr) of scheduled banks, which is 7.5 per cent at present was cut by 100 basis points to 6.5 per cent ...

after identifying liquidity as the main problem that has constrained the financial system, a number of measures were taken ...

assuring a strong commitment to india and its alliances with icici bank, uk financial giant prudential has said it is open to ...

lukewarm response from banks to the special short-term lending (repo) facility today prompted the reserve bank to extend the ...

the indian rupee today depreciated by 46 paise to 48.55 against the us dollar in early trade due to better demand from importers ...

finance firms offload stocks as value of collateral drops exploiting the ongoing selling pressure by overseas investors, the ...

in the midst of global economic meltdown, india today announced that it exceeded its 2007-08 export target of $160 billion by ...

the 10-year government bonds declined the most in almost three weeks on speculation that policy-makers will cut the amount of ...

as the time to select the successor of rbi deputy governor v leeladhar draws closer, the debate over the practice of choosing ...

g the south indian bank (sib) recorded a rise of 44.80 per cent in net profit to rs 51.68 crore for the second quarter of the ...

in spite of the government s efforts to help cooperative banks post the farm loan relief scheme, through the liquidity ...

treasury secretary henry paulson plans to use $250 billion of taxpayer funds to purchase stakes in thousands of financial firms ...

rourkela steel plant (rsp), a unit of steel authority of india limited (sail) has successfully implemented e-payment to its ...

will the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) bailout serve as a trigger for more redemptions, or will it bring back a ...

ifci has recorded a 48 per cent decline in net profit at rs 259 crore in the second quarter ended september 30 as against rs 497 ...

the finance ministry has issued an advisory to public sector banks to be extra vigilant and avoid transactions where risk element ...

after reserve bank of india (rbi) assured that the indian banking system is in sound health, rating agency crisil said it is ...

the south indian bank has posted a rise of 44.8 per cent in its net profit at rs 51.68 crore for the quarter ended 30 september ...

the indian rupee appreciated by 50 paise to 47.75 76 against the us dollar in morning trade today on fresh dollar selling by ...

the mangalore-headquartered karnataka bank ltd, an private sector lender has entered into a memorandum of understanding (mou) ...

credit fundamentals of icici bank continue to be sound, backed by strong market position in the domestic banking industry and ...

brimming with confidence that the worst is behind it, icici bank on monday said it would not let its guard down and ...

billionaire investor and entrepreneur george soros backed the united states plan to buy equity in banks but forecast a ...

buoyed by higher incomes, private sector lender axis bank today reported a 77 per cent rise in second quarter net profit to rs ...

the cut in cash reserve ratio, positive outlook by rating agencies help bank stocks rebound the 150-basis point (bps) reduction ...

in a move to boost liquidity, the government and the reserve bank of india are considering a special window to enable banks with ...

government bond prices ended flat today giving up almost a rupee of intraday gains due to worries that the reserve bank of india ...

money-market rates for euro fell after policy-makers offered banks unlimited dollar funding and european governments pledged to ...

call money rate ended below 10 per cent as banks borrowing requirements came down after the central bank cut cash reserve ...

banks may cut 62,000 jobs in london by the end of next year, reducing employment in the industry to the lowest level in more than ...

barclays plc, the uk s second-biggest bank, plans to sell more than 6.5 billion ($11 billion) of shares to private ...

the mumbai police today formed a special team to look into a complaint filed by icici bank that a cartel led by some high profile ...

icici bank has no liquidity problem as it has rs 90,000 crore in government securities, besides the global subsidiaries have $2.5 ...

axis bank has reported a 76.85 per cent growth in net profit at rs 402.91 crore for the second quarter ended september 30, 2008 ...

shares of icici bank today surged as much 19 per cent in the early morning trade on the bombay stock exchange after the chief ...

the indian rupee today appreciated to 48.07 against the greenback in early trade owing to selling of dollars by state-run banks ...

the liquidity crunch has prompted some private sector financial players to seek government guarantees on inter-institutional ...

despite assurances, fear is mounting among depositors here of the safety of their deposits in certain private banks. this has led ...

battered by rumours that cast doubts about its financial health, icici bank today approached the police alleging that certain ...

in a bid to expand its business in orissa, axis bank has decided to open at least 8 more branches in the state in the current ...

icici bank today received a much-needed boost with global rating agencies moody s and standard poor s ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has said its inspection of icici bank and its uk subsidiary has not revealed anything to cause ...

icici bank on sunday said it was conservative when it comes to growing its businesses and that its deposits and savings are ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned rs 155 crore for the construction of 16,500 poly ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor d subbarao has said that india may escape the worst consequences of the global financial ...

general motors corp is in preliminary talks with cerberus capital management lp s chrysler llc about a possible merger or other ...

assuring depositors that their money was safe in banks, reserve bank of india governor d subbarao today said the central bank was ...

general electric co is tightening lending standards worldwide to help reduce risks amid the global credit crunch, chief financial ...

treasury secretary henry paulson has said that the us government planned to invest directly in us banks to prevent them from ...

reserve bank of india governor d subbarao said that indian banks have some exposure to distressed financial instruments, but it ...

federal regulators directed fannie mae and freddie mac to start purchasing $40 billion a month of underperforming mortgage bonds ...

faced with a tight monetary situation, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has sought data from the mutual funds on their debt ...

while reiterating that the fundamentals of the indian economy are sound, reserve bank of india deputy governor rakesh mohan today ...

india s foreign exchange reserves declined $7.8 billion, the highest in last two years to touch $ 283.941 billion at the ...

the rupee fell to a lifetime low of 49.26 against the us dollar in morning trade on friday before recovering to close at 48.47 on ...

icici bank joint managing director chanda kochhar said today that the country s second largest lender has adequate rupee ...

factoring in the deterioration in the global financial environment, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today announced an additional ...

after plunging to a historic level of 49.30 in morning trade, the indian currency recovered sharply to 48.20 against the us ...

with another round of cut in the mandatory cash deposit requirement by 100 basis points, bankers feel that the easing of the ...

the british government may own as much as 30 per cent of four of the country s biggest banks as it doles out the 50 ...

bonuses at london s banks may slump by almost 60 per cent in 2008, with no return to the record payouts of the past four ...

the state bank of india (sbi) may be the largest bank in the country in terms of capital reserves, but in employee productivity, ...

icici bank has said that only japanese banks have the necessary financial muscle to acquire banks in the us and europe, in ...

state bank of india (sbi) may be the largest bank of the country in terms of capital reserve, but in terms of employee ...

the bank of japan (boj) pumped a record 4 trillion yen into the tokyo money market today for the 17th consecutive day of ...

wells fargo co and citigroup inc agreed to extend their truce in the takeover battle for wachovia corp, continuing talks ...

hsbc holdings plc, royal bank of scotland group plc and the biggest uk banks face the most debt coming due in at least 10 years ...

the uk banks will get an unprecedented 50-billion ($87 billion) government lifeline and emergency loans from the central ...

one hundred years from now, the publication of the panic of 2008 will provide an opportunity to reconstruct ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has capped fees charged by banks for electronic payment (e-payment) and collection of outstation ...

with the banks betting on low risk lending, like small and medium enterprises (sme) and agriculture in the recent days, private ...

the federal reserve, european central bank (ecb) and four other central banks lowered interest rates in an unprecedented ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today issued guidelines to enable subscribers of mobile-banking services to send and receive up ...

the world bank will soon extend a tranche of $180 million soft loan to madhya pradesh for the second phase of its district ...

yields on 10-year corporate bond papers rose 30 basis points today as foreign banks offloaded positions substantially, dealers ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on wednesday said credit extended by scheduled commercial banks, including regional rural banks ...

the us federal reserve said it cut federal funds rate by 0.5% to 1.5%.

deutsche bank today announced the appointment of munish varma as head of global markets in india, where he will be responsible ...

rating agency crisil on tuesday said that it has placed the ratings on long-term debt instruments of citibank na s indian ...

economists are now predicting that the reserve bank of india (rbi) would resort to another round of cut in the cash reserve ratio ...

with the government and the reserve bank of india (rbi) taking steps to ease the liquidity crunch, home borrowers and small ...

the government is considering a sovereign long-term dollar-denominated bond overseas to raise funds to ease indian banks and ...

citigroup inc,wells fargo co and the takeover target they re fighting for, wachovia corp, agreed to a two-day truce ...

the world s major banks may need $675 billion in fresh capital over the next several years to recover from a credit crisis ...

in the midst of a financial turmoil, raising questions over fat executive pay packets, a media report today listed out 12 top ...

russia s government pledged more cash for banks in a new bid to kick-start corporate lending during the country s biggest ...

iceland sought a 4 billion ($5.43 billion) loan from russia, pegged the slumping krona to a basket of currencies and took ...

economists are now predicting that reserve bank of india (rbi) would resort to another round of cut in the cash reserve ratio ...

icici bank and dish tv today launched interactive banking service, iciciative, that would enable subscribers to access ...

commonwealth bank of australia (cba) is in talks to buy the australian subsidiary of uk-based troubled hbos, bankwest, for about ...

citigroup inc and wells fargo and co agreed monday on a 44-hour truce in fight over acquiring wachovia to give negotiators time ...

the federal reserve is considering a new radical plan to jump start the engine of financial system even as stocks around world ...

in a move to ease liquidity and cool the markets, the reserve bank of india (rbi) announced an ad-hoc 50-basis-point reduction in ...

the banking stocks fell as much as 4 per cent on the bombay stock exchange (bse), in line with the benchmark index sensex, which ...

bonds advanced for a third day, extending the biggest weekly gain in more than a month, as falling commodity prices added to ...

rating agency crisil has lowered the outlook for three public sector banks canara bank, corporation bank and idbi bank - ...

german financial sector giant deutsche bank is concentrating on personal and corporate banking segments showing immense growth ...

japanese financial services major nomura today said it will acquire battered lehman brothers india operations, which would ...

max new york life, one of the leading insurance companies, has set a new premium target of rs 2,500 crore plus during this ...

state bank of india (sbi) will finalise the terms of general insurance venture with insurance australia group (iag) in the next ...

syndicate bank has revised the rates of interest upwards on non-resident external (nre) term deposits and fcnr (b) deposits with ...

mcx stock exchange (mcx-sx), a subsidiary of the country s leading commodity bourse mcx, today said it will commence live trading ...

the indian rupee today dropped by another 26 paise to a fresh five-year low of 47.35 36 against the greenback in morning trade ...

the german government, the bundesbank central bank and market regulators agreed with the banking sector on a new 50-billion-euro ...

the richest man in america, bill gates, said in a television interview that the us financial crisis does not spell the end of ...

ubs ag, the european bank hardest hit by the credit crisis, will stop over-the-counter trading in natural gas, crude oil, power, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) and finance ministry have cleared the participation of foreign institutional investors (fiis) in ...

the indian banks association (iba) has joined hands with 10 banks to improve the customer verification system and ...

icici bank has asserted that its profitability trends, as reflected in rs 728 crore profit in the first quarter, would not be ...

lending rates in the country appear to have peaked considering the tight liquidity situation and a stable inflation rate, state ...

within a few days of extending a lifeline to the beleaguered fortis, the netherlands government has acquired the dutch subsidiary ...

the us securities and exchange commission has said the ban on short selling would expire on october 8, following the enactment of ...

universal sompo general insurance s japanese partner, sompo japan insurance, is open to raising its stake up to 49 per ...

allahabad bank has deferred its plans to raise funds through a rights issue and perpetual debt saying it has sufficient means to ...

the us congress passed a $700-billion financial-market bailout plan designed to unlock credit markets, reversing a rejection that ...

the government today decided to ease the burden on banks on account of the farm debt relief package and subsidised short-term ...

suggesting us treasury to team up with private investors legendary investor warren buffett has said the price tag of the $700-bn ...

merrill lynch s chairman and chief executive officer john thain will take over as the president of global banking, securities and ...

amid the tempestuous scenario in global financial markets, swiss banking giant ubs today announced repositioning of its ...

standard poor s ratings services today said that it had affirmed its a-1 short-term rating to icici bank s (foreign ...

the indian rupee plunged by 49 paise to a five-year low of 47.11 against the us dollar in opening trade today following increased ...

the ministry of corporate affairs (mca) is looking into the accounts of big corporates with huge turnovers to ...

silicon valley lawyer mark stevens paused only a moment to check google s finance site during a client meeting as us ...

icici bank always evoked adverse perception and undue criticism for its growth strategy, but its defence would be performance ...

state-owned bank of baroda and union bank of india have revised their interest rates on foreign currency non-resident (b) account ...

as central banks stepped up efforts to mitigate the liquidity problems among banks which have nearly frozen their inter-bank ...

the european central bank drained euro 173 billion ($242 billion) in overnight funds from money markets after being swamped with ...

ubs ag, the european bank with the biggest losses from the credit crisis, plans to eliminate about 1,900 jobs in its investment ...

a decline in capital inflows as a result of the ongoing global financial turmoil may see india s foreign exchange (forex) ...

public sector insurer life insurance corporation of india (lic) has generated rs 16,600-crore valuation surplus, or profit, in ...

the us senate set a vote for wednesday night (us time) on a $700 billion financial-rescue plan, tying it to an increase in ...

in the debate on september 26, democratic presidential nominee barack obama argued that the current crisis in the financial ...

maybe we should call it red monday. september 29 turned out to be the day that big chunks of europe s financial industry ...

small industries development bank of india (sidbi) has invited expressions of interest (eois) from consultancy organisations to ...

magma fincorp, the asset financing company, will celebrate durga puja with residents of nabanir, a senior citizens home in ...

punjab national bank, india s second largest public sector bank, today hiked interest rates by 50 basis points for ...

the reserve bank of india and securities and exchange board of india (sebi) are in discussions to relax the currency trading ...

embattled belgian-dutch bank and insurance group fortis has said the planned $3 billion sale of half its asset management arm to ...

mangalore-based private sector lender, karnataka bank, has raised rs 200 crore by issue of unsecured non-convertible subordinated ...

the indian rupee today fell by 26 paise to its five-year low of 47.22 against the us $ in early trade today owing to increased ...

belgium and france threw dexia sa a 6.4 billion ($9.2 billion) lifeline and the chairman and chief executive officer ...

house prices in 20 us cities declined in july at the fastest pace on record, signaling the worst housing recession in a ...

those who may be less disciplined, financially speaking, will now find it easier to manage their money and their financial ...

prospective home buyers, who are looking forward to discounts this festival season, may be in for a rude shock. according to ...

tata capital, the wholly-owned subsidiary of tata sons, is set to pick up close to 20 per cent stake in a recently-formed asset ...

icici bank has approached the securities exchange board of india to check if there was a concerted attempt to hammer its ...

the government is examining various amendments to the insurance law, including a special statute for health insurance, aimed at ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic), the country s largest insurer, would look for a new joint venture partner for ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) on tuesday advised the life insurance council, a self-regulatory body ...

indian companies will have to pay a higher interest rate on their existing foreign currency loans as the overnight london ...

il fs, one of india s leading infrastructure and development and finance companies and e trade today announced the sale of ...

government today said it plans to increase credit flow to micro-enterprises in the country by making 10 per cent of the total ...

fitch ratings has affirmed india-based icici prudential life insurance co ltd s (icici prudential life) national insurer ...

two of the world s leading private equity firms bain capital partners and hellman friedman has agreed to ...

terming rumours about its financial strength as baseless and malicious, icici bank today said that it has a very strong capital ...

sebi is closely monitoring the markets and has verified with the stock exchanges that there are no settlement issues, said ...

as much as $37 billion from federal bailout loans to american international group inc has gone to investment banks including ...

the country s largest private lender, icici bank, on monday said that 98 per cent of its uk arm s non-india ...

the financial planning and standards board of india (fpsbi), a professional standards setting body for financial planners in ...

the rupee hit a five-year low of 47.115 against the greenback in intra-day trade, before recovering to close at 46.97, the lowest ...

the best practice can only be effective if it fits into the local setting. that s where the new private sector banks score ...

wachovia announced today that it will sell its retail bank, corporate and investment bank and wealth management businesses to ...

having opted to become a commercial bank, goldman sachs is planning to acquire up to usd 50 billion in assets from the ailing ...

in a bid to secure its future as an independent company, the beleaguered insurance major american international group(aig) is ...

hyderabad-based softline software services is planing to raise about rs 100 crore through an initial public offering (ipo) by ...

idfc private equity today said it has picked up 17 per cent stake in se forge ltd, a subsidiary of suzlon energy ltd (sel), for ...

congressional leaders and the white house agreed on sunday to a $700 billion rescue of the ailing financial industry after ...

the indian banking sector saw mark-to-market (mtm) losses of around rs 400 crore due to their investments in instruments of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has advised all banks to provide for the deals entered into directly or indirectly with ...

financial turbulence in the us took yet another toll with america s sixth largest bank, wachovia, starting preliminary talks with ...

export-import bank of india (exim bank) has extended a line of credit of $20 million to the government of the republic of ...

hsbc holdings plc, europe s largest bank by market value, cut 1,100 jobs in its global banking and markets division as the ...

uco bank expects to get approvals from the reserve bank of india and sebi for its financial services subsidiary within a month, ...

india s foreign exchange reserve went up by $2.51 billion to $291.97 billion in the week ended september 19,2008 mainly on ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) will not further tighten norms for insurance companies in which foreign ...

the reserve bank of india has released a reporting format for filing of quarterly statements by securitisation ...

uk s central bank, the bank of england will pump an additional 55 billion pounds in a fresh effort to address worsening credit ...

worried that global financial services provider morgan stanley may land into financial troubles like lehman brothers, several ...

ing vysya bank opened 11 atm outlets in the state including 8 in hyderabad and one each in warangal, khammam and ...

the high-level meeting of the probables for the post of us president with george bush failed to reach a compromise on the usd ...

there is no need to review solvency margin requirements for indian insurance companies, an insurance regulatory and development ...

public sector bank operations across the country were paralysed for the second day in a row as over one million employees stayed ...

the earnings growth of india s state-owned banks for the july-september quarter is likely to be hit by the non-performing ...

the government will push amendments to the state bank of india act, 1955, in the coming session of parliament to enable the bank ...

sales of new homes in the us fell in august to a 17-year low and orders for durable goods dropped more than forecast, evidence of ...

the us regulator securities and exchange commission has ordered more than two dozen hedge funds to hand over trading information, ...

banking operations were affected as the strike call given by the employees union to press for wage related issues entered the ...

amid the global financial turmoil, state bank of india (sbi) chairman o p bhatt had a special visitor in wipro chairman azim ...

banking, treasury and clearing operations of public sector lenders were paralysed on the first day of the two-day nationwide ...

market participants fear that the securities and exchange board of india s (sebi) proposal to allow foreign institutional ...

rating agency crisil has put debentures worth rs 10,500 crore of dsp merrill lynch capital under watch. the debentures were ...

deutsche bank has emerged as the leading investment bank in india leaving behind conventional players such as merrill lynch, ...

the global financial turmoil would not affect societe generale s plan to set up a separate non-banking finance company ...

as an investment banker with one of the foreign banks, mehul savla had a lot of smaller companies asking him for advice on ...

the visakhapatnam cooperative bank has announced an 18 per cent dividend for 2007-08. its net profit during the last fiscal stood ...

federal reserve chairman ben s bernanke said the us is facing grave threats to financial stability and warned that ...

employees of public sector banks today went on a two-day nationwide strike to protest merger and consolidation in the sector and ...

mangalore-headquartered public sector corporatiion bank has opened its first overseas representative office in dubai. this marks ...

the finance ministry has advised public sector lenders to steer clear of complex financial products and carry out their own due ...

the banks operating in orissa are targeting to provide loan assistance to 2,08,800 beneficiaries for self employment ...

the reserve bank of india on tuesday allowed holding companies to issue bonds overseas to raise funds on behalf of listed group ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is reviewing the interest rates on foreign currency credit given by banks to exporters and ...

as you know, we are experiencing turbulent times in the financial markets but i am confident that this should be an ...

american international group inc, the insurer that agreed last week to a federal takeover in exchange for an $85 billion loan, ...

american international group inc, selling assets to repay a us government loan, may seek buyers for some of its $16 billion in ...

amid the global turmoil in the financial sector, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today further tightened the norms for ...

lehman brothers north american operations, which were acquired by global financial services major barclays, has reopened under ...

reserve bank governor d subbarao will present the mid-term review of the annual policy statement (credit policy) on ...

with tightening in liquidity condition and expected decline in the inflation by early 2009, there is only a remote possibility of ...

the government of singapore investment corp (gic), one of the world s largest sovereign wealth funds, said today its nominal ...

global financial services major citigroup has appointed mike corbat as chief executive of the global wealth management unit ...

shareholders of the troubled american giant aig are looking for private sector alternatives to save the company and prevent ...

bond-holders of the beleaguered lehman brothers may lose $110 billion (about rs five lakh crore) on account of decline in the ...

former rbi governor y v reddy has received huge compliments from the country s top economic advisor for going slow on ...

bankers today suggested that the reserve bank of india (rbi) lower the statutory liquidity ratio (slr) and the cash reserve ratio ...

in a bid to promote the self help groups (shgs) in orissa, the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has ...

indian companies will have to stagger their expansions as financial instutions have started tightening lending to cope with the ...

the wall street that shaped the financial world for two decades ended last night, when goldman sachs group inc and morgan stanley ...

the vacuum that was created due to the exit of large players from the two-wheeler financing segment is now being filled by new ...

syndicate bank, the manipal-headquartered public sector lender, has put on hold its plan to raise rs 800 crore through a ...

japanese financial services major nomura is going to acquire the asian operations of us bankrupt investment bank lehman brothers, ...

us investment giant morgan stanley has frozen talks on a merger with wachovia bank but is pressing on with talks for cic of china ...

country s largest lender, state bank of india today scotched rumours that it will be among the several lenders that would ...

edelweiss asset management, today announced the launch of the edelweiss monthly interval fund-series 1 and edelweiss quarterly ...

union finance minister p chidambaram has termed the proposed nationwide strike by bank employees on september 24 as unnecesary ...

andhra bank has tied up with kotak mahindra asset management company (kotak amc) for cross-selling the latter s bouquet of ...

in a move to soften the blow of lehman brothers bankruptcy in the indian stock and asset markets, four banks are set to ...

china and thailand s central bankers said there has been limited fallout for their banks from the us credit crisis that ...

instead of looking at big-bang financial sector reforms, the raghuram rajan panel has advised the government to implement easily ...

corporate borrowing costs have fallen for the first time in almost two weeks amid us government plans to stem the collapse of ...

lehman brothers holdings inc, the us investment bank that filed the largest bankruptcy in history, won federal court approval to ...

$800-bn plan to help people with high-cost mortgages stay in their homes us treasury secretary henry paulson is sending a ...

a bankruptcy judge approved a plan under which lehman brothers will sell its investment banking and trading businesses to the ...

the finance ministry has sought the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) comments on a demand from mobile operators for a ...

president george w bush said the administration s latest rescue plan to revive the credit markets and restore market liquidity ...

us treasury secretary henry paulson and federal reserve chairman ben s bernanke proposed moving troubled assets from the balance ...

india s foreign exchange reserve went up by $650 million to $289.4 billion in the week ended september 12, 2008, mainly due ...

the bank of japan said today it had injected two trillion yen ($19 billion) into money markets amid continuing concerns over ...

the banks operating in orissa have been asked to provide credit linkage to more than 1lakh women self help groups (wshgs) in the ...

the american international group (aig) india on thursday issued a release stating that the us financial crisis does not have any ...

the fall of lehman brothers and the acquisition of merrill lynch by bank of america and an increasing dominance of integrated, ...

government bond prices ended rs 1.30 down today because fear of a sharp rise in weekly inflation rate prompted investors to sell, ...

while maintaining that it had the capability to handle market movements, icici bank, the country s second largest bank, on ...

state bank of india will recruit 10,000 persons over the next three years to manage operations at new branches and as replacement ...

tata aig life insurance business is well capitalised and continues to meet obligation to policyholders and clients, the insurer ...

former allstate corp chief executive officer edward liddy was hired by the us government to run american international group inc ...

allianz se, europe s largest insurer, made an offer to invest in american international group inc that was rejected by the ...

employee state insurance corporation (esic) is looking at an extensive information technology(it) roll out plan, which will ...

in an effort to bring banking services to the doorsteps of the customer, public sector punjab national bank (pnb) intends to ...

the cost of borrowing in dollars for three months has jumped the most since 1999, with banks hoarding cash amid concern that more ...

the bank of japan (boj) left its key interest rate unchanged at 0.5 per cent in a widely-expected move today as it remained ...

the country s high networth individuals (hnis) may feel the tremors of lehman brothers holdings the fourth largest ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) intervention on tuesday evening showed its impact on money and foreign exchange markets ...

in a major push to the micro-finance movement in orissa, the small industries development bank of india (sidbi), providing ...

stung by the fact that it was in the news throughout the day for all the wrong reasons, icici bank the country s ...

credit rating agency crisil has put dsp merrill lynch s (dspml) plan to raise more than rs 22,000 crore through debt ...

the american international group (aig), which has joint ventures for life and general insurance businesses with the tata group in ...

at a time when big players are wary of financing the purchase of consumer durables and two-wheelers, non-banking finance company ...

country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) today hiked its interest rates on foreign currency non-resident (b) account ...

the us federal reserve has announced an unprecedented rescue loan of up to usd 85 billion to save teetering insurance giant ...

punjab national bank plans to raise capital worth rs 500 crore through upper tier ii bonds through private placement to shore up ...

barclays announced today that it had reached an agreement to acquire lehman brothers north american investment banking and ...

the federal reserve left its main interest rate at 2 per cent, rebuffing calls by some investors for a cut after lehman brothers ...

taking a potshot at the us financial sector, which is facing one of the worst turmoils ever, commerce and industry minister kamal ...

jobs are not an issue, but salary boom is over krish mohan (name changed), an investment banker in mumbai, says nothing much has ...

irda seeks reports from tata, aig amid the continued uncertainty over the capital constraints faced by the world s largest ...

reliance capital (r-capital), a part of the group, is looking to invest rs 2,000 crore in insurance businesses in the next ...

icici bank today said it might need to make an additional provision of $28 million (rs 188 crore) on its exposure to bonds issued ...

lehman brothers holdings inc s bankruptcy, the largest in history, sent the firm s employees to ebay inc s auction sites to offer ...

banks may accelerate efforts to move trading in the $62 trillion credit-default swaps market through a central clearinghouse or ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) stepped in this evening to check any potential adverse impact of the global financial turmoil on ...

the federal reserve added $50 billion in temporary reserves to the banking system, pushing down the rate for overnight loans ...

american international group inc, the largest us insurer, will only get access to the $20 billion lifeline announced yesterday by ...

republican presidential nominee john mccain called for a commission to study the crisis in us financial markets like the one that ...

the reserve bank of india is in the process of holding parleys with banks and fixed income and money market dealers ...

taking a pot shot at the us financial sector, which is facing one of the worst turmoils ever, commerce and industry minister ...

country s largest private sector lender, icici bank today said its london subsidiary has 57 million euro (about rs 375 crore) ...

hdfc bank has won the asian banker s best retail bank in india 2008 award for the second year in a row beating a host of other ...

hindujas-promoted indusind bank has said it is looking to float a one billion dollar fund (about rs 4,500 crore) for investments ...

hdfc bank, one of the largest private sector banks in the country, has allotted 1,12,200 equity shares to its employees under the ...

state bank of india, visakhapatnam, is targeting to attract deposits worth rs 938 crore this financial year, as compared with rs ...

even as the rupee hit a two-year low of 46 in early morning trade today, latest data shows that the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

american international group s (aig s) recent financial crisis could have significant repercussions on its businesses ...

taking a serious view of the recent discovery of counterfeit notes at a state bank of india (sbi) branch, the government wants ...

banking with the state bank india (sbi) will no longer be a brick-and-mortar affair with india s largest bank lining up an ...

call rates hardened today to touch a high of 12.5 per cent as liquidity in the money market came under strain due to outflows ...

andrew holland, managing director of the strategic risk group (srg) for dsp merrill lynch in india, has resigned with most of his ...

the buyout of merrill lynch will give bank of america (bankam) access to the financial power house s huge wealth management ...

american international group inc, the largest us insurer by assets, has been given special permission to access $20 billion of ...

the federal reserve widened the collateral it accepts for loans to securities firms to include stocks in an effort to help wall ...

bank of america corp, the biggest us consumer bank, agreed to acquire merrill lynch co for about $50 billion as the credit ...

the indian rupee, after falling to a two-year low of 46 in early trade today gained its lost ground and was quoted at 45.85 86 ...

us investment bank lehman brothers announced today that it intended to file for bankruptcy in order to protect its assets ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has initiated a review of the benchmarking system for pricing floating rate loans, a move that ...

the union government today said the strike announced by the united forum of bank unions (ufbu) against the proposed financial ...

at a time when the international market was grappling with a severe liquidity crunch, indian banks overseas have shifted a part ...

union bank of india (ubi) in tie up with edelweiss securities has launched wealth management services for its high networth ...

buyers of unit-linked insurance plans (ulips) may soon find it easier to compare features and charges of these products across ...

global investment research and rating agency standard poor s (s p) on thursday said the credit growth of indian ...

the clearing corporation of india (ccil) may soon guarantee deals struck in the currency forward contract market, providing a ...

in a move to bring about uniformity in the mode and amount of service charges for electronic payment products and upcountry ...

infosys technologies on thursday announced the renewal of the group life insurance policy, covering 97,000 employees, ...

deutsche bank ag, germany s biggest bank, may buy just less than 30 per cent of deutsche postbank ag for about 2.5 billion euros ...

mortgage finance regulator national housing bank (nhb) today said it aims to disburse rs 500 crore in a year through ...

andhra bank has entered into a tie-up with reliance capital asset management limited, a company of anil dhirubhai ambani group, ...

the insurance industry has begun the process of moving towards the risk-based capital norms from the current solvency margin ...

peerless general finance investment co, with interests in finance, hotels and housing businesses, is in the process of ...

commercial banks in the country are sitting on funds of over rs 1,200 crore lying idle in about two crore accounts for the past ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has expressed its concern over the referral programme prevalent among ...

the microfinance sector in india, which is presently growing around 130 per cent, is expected to get into the consolidation mode ...

the dharwad division of life insurance corporation of india will introduce the enterprise data management system (edms) to enable ...

the government seems to be building up cash via treasury bill (t-bill) auctions in view of the recent easing in market rates and ...

the rupee, which fell today below the 45 mark against the dollar for the first time since november 2006, is expected to fall ...

hsbc holdings plc is highly unlikely to buy an investment bank, its asia ceo said today, dousing speculation the ...

the indian rupee today breached the crucial 45-level against the us currency for the first time after november 2006 following ...

only 2,000 senior citizens across the country have received loans against their houses under the reverse mortgage scheme that has ...

the life insurance industry s first-year premium income during april-july 2008 grew by a mere 1.6 per cent largely on ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) purchased central government bonds from secondary market last week and sold them to state ...

the rupee hit a 21-month low against the us dollar on tuesday as the american currency firmed up, coupled with the spurt in ...

union bank of india is expecting to increase its fee-based income from commissions, remittances, gold and others by about 35 per ...

india bnp paribas today announced the appointment of r s krishnan as managing director, head of corporate finance ...

with hawkish monetary policy to contain double-digit inflation beginning to bear fruit, the new rbi governor duvvuri subbarao may ...

the supreme court on monday admitted the appeals of standard chartered bank, hsbc and citibank challenging the order of the ...

the foreign investment promotion board (fipb) has given a green light to the investment by societe generale (socgen), a french ...

finance minister p chidambaram inaugurated the universal arogya medical insurance scheme, saying the scheme would reach all ...

singapore-based dbs bank, which has decided to beef up its indian operations by adding eight new branches to the existing two ...

customers can look forward to improved services from new india assurance, national insurance, united india and oriental insurance ...

the reserve bank may give up its opposition to the proposal of a monthly compilation and release of inflation data, with d ...

hsbc holdings plc chairman stephen green foresees financial markets shifting toward asia as emerging markets grow faster than the ...

private sector bank ing vysya bank has received the approval from the reserve bank of india (rbi) for opening 56 new branches and ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has set up an internal committee to frame guidelines on predatory lending and is exploring the ...

with insurers slashing term plan premiums by up to 40 per cent, this is an opportunity for customers to shift from their ...

with the festival season round the corner, kerala-based private catholic syrian bank has launched a gift card called csb ...

former reserve bank of india (rbi) governor yaga venugopal reddy today said he would have preferred a tighter monetary policy as ...

lehman brothers holdings inc may shift about $32 billion of commercial mortgages and real estate to a new company that will be ...

anchoring inflationary expectations, maintaining financial and price stability, pursuing financial sector reforms and, finally, ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) has asked the insurance regulatory development authority (irda) to allow it a ...

india s second largest public sector lender punjab national bank today said that interest rates will start coming down after ...

the indian banking sector will require an additional of rs 5,68,744 crore in the next five years to maintain the capital adequacy ...

at a time when the role of rating agencies globally is under the scanner, the reserve bank of india on thursday said that there ...

the reserve bank of india on thursday said that the growth of the 20 public sector banks could be affected due as the government ...

india s banking sector will have to prepare itself for enhanced exchange rate risks in a liberalised capital regime that ...

drawing lessons from the northern rock collapse in the uk, the reserve bank of india today advised banks to avoid excessive ...

jpmorgan chase co will stop selling interest-rate swaps to government borrowers in the $2.6 trillion us municipal bond ...

anil ambani group s reliance mutual fund, the country s largest fund house, today said it has achieved one million systematic ...

syndicate bank has revised the interest rates upwards on domestic term deposits for a tenor of 180 days to less than two years ...

concerned over rising interest rates and slowdown in the economic growth, public sector lender indian bank today said that the ...

small industries development bank of india (sidbi) is keen on revitalising micro-finance initiatives in the ...

the government s showcase indian infrastructure finance company ltd (iifcl) has run into trouble with two leading global ...

rising interest rates took its toll on ge money, once known as ge countrywide consumer financial, which saw its net profit drop ...

barclays plc, the uk s third- biggest bank, may need to raise as much as 7.5 billion ($13.3 billion) to bring its ...

the country s public sector banks (psbs) are going in for an image overhaul ahead of the scheduled opening of the financial ...

kolkata-based uco bank has launched pre-funded cheque book facility, which seeks to protect against dishonour of cheques due to ...

at a time when banks are going slow on issuing credit cards due to rise in defaults, peerless general finance investment ...

the rupee ended at a new 20-month low against the us dollar on tuesday because banks bought the greenback to meet strong demand ...

while tackling inflation is going to be the top priority for duvvuri subbarao, who is set to take over as the new reserve bank of ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic s) south zone, including tamil nadu, kerala and puducherry, had sold over 11 lakh ...

bajaj finserv, the financial services company of the bajaj group, is in the final stages of negotiations with allianz global ...

icici bank does not expect interest rate in the banking sector to come down soon, joint managing director and chief financial ...

life insurance corporation (lic), mysore division, will go paperless soon with the on-going adoption of enterprise document ...

korea development bank (kdb) is in talks to buy a stake in lehman brothers holdings inc, the fourth-biggest us securities firm, ...

the dollar rose to the highest level against the euro in almost seven months as crude oil fell and traders speculated that the ...

security and exchange board of india (sebi) has said that interest rates futures will be lauched in the next five months. c b ...

kolkata-based public sector bank, uco bank today said its is likely to go for a follow on public offer of shares by december-end ...

commercial banks have sought reimbursements from the reserve bank of india (rbi) for the service tax paid on government ...

the union bank of india plans to raise capital worth rs 1,000 crore through a mix of tier-i and tier-ii bonds in the next one ...

the european central bank will probably keep interest rates at a seven-year high this week, and may even threaten to raise them, ...

commerzbank to buy dresdner for $14.4bn...

commerzbank ag agreed to buy allianz se s dresdner bank for 9.8 billion ($14.4 billion) in the biggest ...

kolkata-based uco bank today said it will finalise a foreign partner for its proposed financial services subsidiary by the end of ...

the union bank of india, in a corporate strategic announcement stated on the bombay stock exchange that it has changed its ...

sbi funds management, investment managers for sbi mutual fund, has formalised its tie-up with karur vysya bank, a leading private ...

real estate bank india (rebi), is planning to set up 3,000 franchisees across the country, with about 48 outlets in west bengal ...

with more banks issuing credit and debit cards and with a larger number of merchant terminals in place, the value of plastic ...

pitney bowes, an nyse-listed company offering customer communication and management solutions, plans to expand its operations in ...

the indian banks association (iba) has made a strong case for an early decision on payment of interest on reimbursement that ...

the rupee ended down against the us dollar today as banks bought the greenback to meet month-end demand from oil companies and ...

life insurance companies have sought the intervention of the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) to prevent ...

citibank today moved the supreme court challenging the order of the national consumer commission, which imposed restrictions on ...

the reserve bank of india today said it would introduce new instruments to help market players hedge market risks and continue ...

in an otherwise gloomy environment, the reserve bank of india today appeared a tad bullish on the prospects of growth during the ...

commodities markets regulator, forward markets commission (fmc), has rejected the demand of traders and exporters to hike the ...

the government must end providing assistance to sugar exports as enough sugar has been exported out of the country, finance ...

reforms in the primary market may witness a further thrust as capital market intermediaries get ready to implement application ...

citigroup inc s japanese consumer finance arm plans to transfer new client loans to a unit of promise co as it scales back ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has fixed the limits on payment of commission and brokerage in the general ...

kalpana morparia has decided to end her 33-year-old association with icici bank, the country s second largest lender, and ...

anz bank, a major australian financial institution, may outsource more back-office work of its asian operations to its bangalore ...

private life insurance companies bajaj allianz and kotak life insurance have reduced premium rates for term insurance policies by ...

the retail insurance business has picked up in the post financial sector reforms period and the retail segment has overtaken the ...

private life insurance company ing vysya life insurance is looking to tap the small retailers and food courts to sell its ...

reserve bank of india deputy governor rakesh mohan has emerged as the front-runner to succeed y venugopal reddy as the next ...

the state bank of india (sbi) officers association has opposed the proposed merger of the state bank of saurashtra (sbs) with ...

the decade-old demand of the employees of the state bank of india (sbi) to shift some operations of the foreign department to ...

deciding to net the student segment and widen its customer base, corporation bank on wednesday announced a tie-up with ...

standard chartered bank mauritius has decided to exercise the option to raise its stake in uti securities to 74 per cent and is ...

the bank credit grew by 25.9 per cent till august 15, showing little signs of moderation. the rise defies a series of interest ...

sidbi venture capital, a wholly-owned subsidiary of small industries development bank of india (sidbi), will invest in three ...

the government will reimburse rs 25,000 crore to public sector banks, regional rural banks (rrbs) and cooperative banks in ...

in an effort to speed up the pace of financial inclusion, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has allowed banks to use companies, ...

banks, which had taken membership to trade in currency futures on the national stock exchange, are trying to complete all ...

the specified undertaking of the unit trust of india (suuti), the entity that took over the assured return schemes of the ...

with increased focus on debt funds and the retail market, icici prudential mutual fund, the joint venture asset management ...

public sector banks have asked the government to pay interest for delay in reimbursing the rs 70,000 crore worth farm loans ...

iffco-tokio general insurance (itgi), was planning to come up with the first of kind product in travel insurance for the domestic ...

with high interest rates affecting consumer finance, many players with permission to set up non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) ...

once a year at the end of august, the notable and quotable from the worlds of business, finance, academia and government trek to, ...

hdfc bank, the second largest private sector lender, has set up the country s first ever commercial scale rural bpo at ...

christopher laing, a managing director at deutsche bank ag in london, moved with his wife and twin boys to dubai this month, ...

citigroup inc, the biggest us bank by assets, banned off-site meetings among employees and cut back on colour photocopying to ...

max new york life insurance is revamping the brand and is changing its tagline from your partner for life to ...

the iba-promoted national payments corporation of india (npci), a new body to facilitate retail clearing operations, is likely to ...

the new investment norms capping an insurance company s exposure to a single company at 10 per cent is unlikely to affect ...

repurchase agreements (repos) in corporate bonds may have to wait for some more time as the reserve bank of india (rbi) wants to ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority s (irda) move to allow insurance companies to invest in venture capital ...

a rising demand for dollars from oil companies, a slowdown in capital inflow and a surge in dollar against major global ...

the global credit turmoil may have singed goldman sachs and merrill lynch, but the two leading investment banks are betting big ...

new-generation public sector lender, idbi bank today hiked its interest rates on deposits across various tenures by upto 0.75 per ...

private sector lender yes bank plans to launch its asset reconstruction business by this year-end, a top bank executive said ...

economic frauds carried out through automated teller machines (atms) are now getting sophisticated and trendy with both technical ...

economic frauds carried out through bank automated teller machines (atm s) are now getting sophisticated and trendy with both ...

when it comes to exorbitant interest rates, even the loan sharks -- the neighbourhood moneylenders -- can learn a few tricks from ...

the insurance regulatory development authority (irda) has initiated a review of the regulations to ensure that they are in ...

the indian rupee gathered strength for the second day in a row on friday as a result of the foreign investment flow and rising ...

punjab national bank today entered into an agreement with mitcon consultancy services limited (mitcon) for co-operation in the ...

securities and exchange board of india (sebi) has asked stock brokers clearing members to carry out complete internal audit on a ...

principal mutual fund today said it has mobilised around rs 834 crore in its recently closed new fund offer principal pnb fixed ...

bajaj allianz general insurance company today launched a new health insurance product called insta insure which will ...

kotak mahindra bank has announced that it has now created a separate investor complaint email id investor.grievances kotak.com.

to ensure availability of financial services to the weaker sections and low income groups, national bank for agriculture and ...

chennai-based equitas micro finance india has raised capital worth rs 50 crore in the second round of funding from three ...

karnataka state financial corporation (ksfc) has seen its net profit jump over six times jump, to rs 62.17 crore for year-ended ...

industrial commercial bank of china ltd earned a record 64.5 billion yuan ($9.42 billion) in the first half to become the ...

china s biggest lender icbc today became the world s most profitable bank with its first-half net profit of 9.4 billion dollars, ...

financial services major citigroup has projected that india s economic growth in this fiscal would moderate to 7.7 per cent from ...

new-age private lender yes bank and networking giant cisco today announced the launch of a facility that would provide new ...

private-sector lender, development credit bank (dcb) has targeted to enhance its low cost deposit-base and expected to achieve an ...

the public sector union bank of india has agreed to provide loans towards the beneficiary contribution in the low cost housing ...

pylwin exports, based in tirupur, the textile town in tamil nadu, and abn amro bank have agreed to an out-of-court settlement to ...

indusind bank has acquired the microfinance portfolio worth rs 100 crore from sks mircofinance through the allotment of ...

international finance corporation (ifc), a private sector funding arm of work bank group, plans to pick up eight per cent stake ...

with the top life insurance companies planning to list next year, the insurance regulatory development authority (irda) is ...

the rupee liquidity in the money market remained tight on wednsday, triggering inter-bank call rates to rise to an intraday high ...

surging demand for dollars pushes currency down to 43.71 to a dollar. hit by an acute dollar shortage in the foregn exchange ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has constituted a 10-member committee to examine the requirements of ...

fannie mae and freddie mac s success in repaying $223 billion of bonds due by the end of the quarter may determine whether they ...

three leading institutions, indusind bank, grameen capital india and sks microfinance, today announced the closure of a rs 100 ...

state bank of india is all set to enter into general insurance through foreign collaboration and is expected to finalise the ...

the real numbers to look at in the auction-rate securities settlements are the ones in thousands, not billions. by the time this ...

punjab national bank, the second largest public sector bank in the country, is close to sealing a deal on exiting two of its ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest commercial bank, today launched a loan product aimed at the poor heart ...

indiabulls financial services is set to close a deal with hdfc bank, yes bank and delhi-based india potash to offload around 35 ...

sbi life insurance, a joint venture between state bank of india (sbi) and bnp paribas assurance, plans to foray into the west ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor v leeladhar said the banking sector s growth in advances surpassed ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has decided to initiate a slew of measures to provide liquidity to ...

nexus india capital, an early stage venture capital fund, on tuesday announced the closure of its second fund, nexus india ...

the foreign institutional investors (fiis) and mutual funds (mfs) have been major investors in debt, primarily treasury bills and ...

credit market turmoil has driven the us into a recession and may topple some of the nation s biggest banks, said kenneth ...

icici bank managing director and ceo k v kamath today did not rule out the possibility of interest rates going up in the ...

rbi would undertake a wholesome review regarding the road map of foreign banks in the country, its deputy governor v ...

private equity firm milestone group today launched a rs 800-crore fund which will invest primarily in education ...

indiabulls financial services, has zeroed in on stakeholders who would pick up stakes in its proposed commdodity bourse, a top ...

riding high on the strong brand identity of state bank of india, sbi life insurance is now looking to foray into overseas market ...

in a bid to limit exposure to volatile credit derivatives (cd), india s second largest lender, icici bank has sold $275 million ...

in order to off-set the marginal fall in demand for loans in the recent months, icici bank is planning to launch a private equity ...

yes bank has drawn up plans for foraying into the private equity segment through a special purpose vehicle, within the next six ...

with private equity funds gathering momentum, state bank of india (sbi), country s largest public sector bank is also mulling to ...

icici bank, the country s largest private bank, is planning to set up a private equity fund with a likely corpus of $200 ...

the yen may have depreciated to 110 against the dollar from a high of 96 earlier this year, but bankers are advising extreme ...

number of direct selling agents slashed by 15-25 per cent. a clampdown on fresh personal loans, credit cards and auto loans is ...

the export-import bank of the united states will be expanding its india portfolio from the present $3.5 billion to $5 billion in ...

union bank of india (ubi) has tied up with edelweiss securities and wealth advisors to offer wealth management services (wms) to ...

will complement vc business. svb financial group, the nasdaq-listed parent company of silicon valley bank and financial partner ...

tata aig life insurance company limited has opened 11 new offices one each at perintalmanna, thiruvalla, irinjalkakuda, ...

employees of the state bank of hyderabad (sbh) and other state bank of india (sbi) associate banks on monday staged a protest at ...

ben s bernanke is still trying to define which financial institutions it s safe to let fail. the longer it takes him to decide, ...

the asia-pacific region will be divided into four clusters, each led by a chief executive officer. citigroup inc is reorganising ...

leading public-sector lender, bank of india (boi), today hiked its deposit rates across various maturities by up to 0.5 per cent ...

karur vysya bank increased its interest rates on term deposits, which will come into effect from august 11. the karur-based bank ...

deutsche bank has announced the appointment of prashant joshi as the head of private and business clients, india effective ...

driven by high demand and improved capacity utilisation, the corporates are expected to pump in more money in the current fiscal ...

officers of state bank of india and its seven associate banks went on a day-long nationwide strike today to protest merger of ...

west bengal finance corporation (wbfc) may not opt for raising funds through bonds this year in view of volatile market ...

the indian government has received sensitive information from its german counterpart regarding tax evaders, who have channelled ...

in a sort of testimony to hard times being faced by india inc in getting the right talent, the country s top private sector ...

k n bhandari, the secretary general of the general insurance council (gic), a self-regulatory body for non-life insurers, has ...

india infrastructure finance company (iifcl), the special purpose vehicle floated by the government, has approached international ...

government banks have demanded that the amount eligible under the farm waiver scheme should continue to be considered lending to ...

icici bank will introduce the option on monday move aimed at curbing delinquency. indian private sector banks are now following ...

lending to the small scale sector has shot up, but banks expect moderation in the months ahead with corporate balance sheets ...

this critical illness policy is a good start, but more could have been done. diabetes is one of the most common health problems ...

india s insurance sector may touch a level of rs 2 lakh crore in two years in view of the aggressive marketing techniques ...

despite a strong dose of monetary action by the reserve bank of india (rbi) to cut demand, the credit flow has shown a 25.8 per ...

last minute-glitches have held back a health insurance cover that would have enabled policyholders to retain the benefits even if ...

banks in guntur district would advance crop loans worth rs 1,946.13 crore to farmers during 2008-09 under the district credit ...

india s insurance sector may touch a level of rs 2 lakh crore in the next two years in view of aggressive marketing techniques ...

the reserve bank of india s central board on thursday approved the transfer of surplus profit of rs 15,011 crore for the ...

close on the heels of epfo allowing private fund managers for its corpus, the government has now widened investment avenues for ...

lambasting central public sector enterprises for inviting bids for bulk deposits from state-run banks, finance minister p ...

a working group set up by the reserve bank of india has suggested that all the regional rural banks (rrbs) should move to the ...

despite the increase in interest rates, the reserve bank of india is confident that corporate investment levels will go up during ...

over-capacity, low demand in certain industries to blame. there seems to be a moderation in the demand for money from banks and ...

bermuda-based global reinsurance company flagstone reinsurance holdings limited (fsr) is planning to enter the primary insurance ...

s b sankannavar of gadag was elected president of karnataka central cooperative bank while y n patil of kundgol was elected ...

the government today decided to allow india infrastructure finance company ltd (iifcl) to double its authorised capital from rs ...

bermuda-based global reinsurance company flagstone reinsurance holdings limited (fsr) is planning to enter the ...

the reserve bank of india s central board today approved the transfer of surplus profit of rs 15,011 crore for the year-ended ...

tuticorin-based tamilnad mercantile bank has increased its domestic term deposit interest rates by 25 basis points with effect ...

bank snoras, a leading bank in lithuania has chosen i-flex s flexcube universal banking release 10.0 as the core banking solution ...

country s largest lender state bank of india today said the finance ministry has approved the merger of state bank of saurashtra ...

the all india regional rural banks association (rrbea) has urged the union finance ministry to give priority to regional rural ...

magma fincorp ltd, now renamed magma fincorp ltd, expects about 43 per cent rise in disbursement in the present fiscal, even ...

bnp paribas group, the french financial services entity, has infused rs 335 crore ( 50 million) in its indian operations ...

tata capital has signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with mitsubishi ufj securities (mus) to cooperate in a wide range of ...

state bank of india has outsourced the back-office operations of its foreign branches and offices to intelenet global services ...

interest rates have almost peaked and are unlikely to change unless the reserve bank of india (rbi) further tightens monetary ...

rating agency sees fiscal deficit in single digit for 2008-09. a month after striking a strong note of caution on india s ...

pay in cash is the new mantra for an increasing number of car, two-wheeler and commercial vehicle buyers. icici bank and hdfc ...

finance minister p chidambaram today asked public sector banks not to increase interest rates for home loans up to rs 30 lakh and ...

interest rates have almost peaked and is unlikely to change unless the reserve bank of india further tightens monetary policy, ...

export-import bank of india (exim bank) today announced an increase in interest rate on term deposits to 10 per cent per annum ...

finance minister p chidambaram today asked public sector banks not to increase interest rates for home loans upto rs 30 lakh and ...

india s largest lender state bank of india today said interest rates have almost peaked, which is unlikely to change unless rbi ...

the bank plans to separate investment banking and wealth management operations. ubs ag, switzerland s biggest bank, plans ...

in a bid to tap the growing small and medium enterprise (sme) market which appears to be buoyant despite the economic downturn, ...

mahindra mahindra financial services on tuesday said the national housing bank (nhb) will pick up a 12.5 per cent stake in ...

max new york life insurance, a joint venture between max india and new york life insurance, on tuesday announced a referral ...

while warning of tough times ahead for non-life insurers, rating agency icra on tuesday said of the three key business segments, ...

be ready to pay service charges if you are sending money home using the state bank of india s network of over 10,000 ...

with higher interest rates, bankers today said their loan portfolios will grow at a slower pace, partly because of the caution ...

despite the government asking public sector banks to stay away from high-cost bulk deposits, 12 players have raised around rs ...

now, returns up 15-20% over apr levels. individuals are lining up to park their money in fixed deposits (fds), what with the ...

in a unique arrangement with the regional rural banks (rrbs), the west bengal government has decided to extend insurance ...

the hindujas-controlled indusind bank plans to re-enter the personal loan business after having almost stopped extending loans ...

in a move that will bring cheer to health insurance policyholders, non-life insurers are finalising the contours of a new product ...

the lending by cooperatives and regional rural banks to the agricultural sector declined to rs 17,034 crore from rs 20,749 crore ...

the government may allow non-government provident funds to invest up to 10 per cent incremental flows in the stock market, a ...

absence of clear global norms keeps central bank off such products. concerned over the role of sophisticated credit derivatives ...

nearly two weeks after the reserve bank of india s latest monetary-tightening measures, the country s largest lender, ...

ubs ag, the world s biggest money manager for the wealthy, may report tomorrow that private-banking clients removed funds ...

the state bank of india (sbi) announced a 100 basis point increase in its prime lending rate (plr), which will go up to 13.75% ...

public sector lender bank of baroda today raised interest rates on new housing loans exceeding rs 30 lakh, new auto and consumer ...

state bank of bikaner jaipur has increased its benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) by 50 basis points to 14 per cent. the ...

pursuant to the earlier mandate for the banks to calculate their off-balance sheet exposures in the interest rate and foreign ...

five banks development credit bank (dcb), catholic syrian bank, dhanalakshmi bank, lakshmi vilas bank and nainital bank ...

futures trading in indian currencies is set to be a reality soon. the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) is expected ...

sbi fund management private limited (sbi mutual fund),a leading asset management company in india, has tied up with united bank ...

the idbi bank is all set to make its foray into mysore. the bank is opening a branch in kuvempunagar in mysore on monday. with a ...

yes bank plans to augment the size of its agri-fund by $25-50 million to $150 million and is scouting for a blue-chip overseas ...

leading public sector lender, bank of india (boi), is set to enter the mutual funds business and is mulling setting up a separate ...

eyeing a bigger share in the domestic-market, private-sector lender, bank of rajasthan (bor) said it will ramp up operations and ...

private sector lender, bank of rajasthan may terminate its distribution tie-up with united india assurance for general insurance ...

public sector bank oriental bank of commerce (obc) is planning to open 80-100 new branches in this financial year. the bank has ...

continuing the flow of home loans and accessing low-cost deposits are two key elements of the government s instructions to ...

the country s second largest private lender hdfc bank and public sector players bank of baroda (bob) and united bank of ...

the union cabinet on friday approved the equity restructuring of only the punjab sind bank, and not punjab national bank as ...

leading public sector lender, bank of baroda (bob), today increased its benchmark prime lending rate by 0.75 per cent to 14 per ...

royal bank of scotland group plc, the uk s second-biggest bank, posted a smaller loss than analysts estimated and said the ...

fannie mae, the largest us mortgage- finance company, sliced its dividend after posting a fourth straight quarterly loss and said ...

a reserve bank of india s (rbi) panel today recommended introduction of interest rate futures on exchanges initially in the ...

public sector lender allahabad bank has raised its benchmark prime lending rate by 50 basis points to 14 per cent with effect ...

syndicate bank, on friday, announced an upward revision in its interest rates upto 50 basis points on term deposits for one year ...

the union cabinet today approved equity restructuring of punjab sind bank to enable it to go for an initial public offer or ...

the new chairman and managing director of andhra bank, r s reddy, said that the bank s insurance joint venture with bank of ...

to disburse rs 1,285cr for sector in current fiscal. leading public sector bank, bank of baroda (bob) is planning to increase ...

hsbc is planning to go slow on consumer asset finance and credit cards as delinquency levels are on the rise. the bank will also ...

four public sector banks raise plr, keep retail loan rates unchanged. state bank of india (sbi) is likely to raise its prime ...

maybe the $30 billion in new money merrill lynch co has raised still isn t enough. in any case, merrill and its three ...

oriental insurance company, a state-owned general insurance firm, has stated that it plans to grow its premium collections by 10 ...

max new york life insurance (mnyl) has clocked a first year premium of rs 1195 crore. the assets under management (aum) have ...

bharti axa general insurance company, a joint venture between bharti group and the axa group of europe, is expected to see its ...

the withdrawal of icici bank from advancing loans at two-wheeler dealerships has forced automobile companies such as bajaj auto ...

bank of india is hunting for an international asset management player for setting up a mutual fund joint venture in india to ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) is likely to clear the long pending application of taurus parsoli ethical fund ...

the liquidity situation has been tight and is expected to remain so in the coming days. however, the government expenditure ...

only 25 recovery agents have been certified by the indian institute of banking finance (iibf) - the entity mandated by the ...

companies float cds, cps to benefit from lower interest rates. the short-term money market is buzzing with activity as companies ...

a day after union bank of india hiked its benchmark prime lending rate, bank of india (boi) today followed suit by increasing its ...

dena bank has increased its interest rates on domestic term deposits by 25 to 100 basis points for various maturities from 91 ...

ge money, the consumer finance unit of the general electric company, announced an increase in its benchmark floating reference ...

federal reserve officials, stuck between their conflicting goals of maximum employment and stable prices, chose yesterday not to ...

a big part of india s strategy to combat inflation this year hinges on expectations of a bumper harvest of its autumn crop, ...

increased bank interest rates and new capital adequacy norms of the reserve bank of india (rbi) will soon weigh heavily on the ...

syndicate bank, the manipal-headquartered 7th largest public sector lender, has widened its personal loan portfolio with the ...

the reserve bank of india is likely to continue with its tight monetary stance to counter the surge in headline inflation rate, c ...

the rupee ended near a two-week high against the us dollar today as banks sold the greenback, noting a persistent fall in ...

hsbc india expects its profit growth to moderate in the 2008-09 financial year due to the prevailing high-interest rate ...

after a lull, another public sector bank has raised lending rates. with pressure on margins, union bank of india today increased ...

high interest rates, unavailability of funds hit non-banking finance companies. a rise in interest rates has started pinching ...

with pressure on margins due to rising interest costs union bank of india today hiked its benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) by ...

hsbc today said it would maintain its five per cent stake in the country s third largest private sector lender axis bank in the ...

hinduja group promoted indusind bank said that it had increased its prime lending rate (plr) by 75 basis points to 17 per cent ...

move to avert the sharpest public disagreement among policy makers in more than a decade. federal reserve chairman ben s ...

the life insurance industry grew by 14 per cent in the first quarter of 2008-09 despite a 12 per cent decline in the premium ...

banks in india are heading for a slowdown due to the challenging economic environment, according to standard chartered ...

the special undertaking of uti or suuti has started the process of selling most of its stake in axis bank. the field has been ...

taking a cue from crude oil prices, the spot rupee closed today at 42.25 after opening the day at 42.35-37 to a dollar. dealers ...

falling crude oil prices trigger a rush for govt securities. the yield on the benchmark ten-year paper fell below 9 per cent to ...

the average middle class indian, with his life and medical insurance, and pension plan, will be surprised if told that he faces a ...

any new customer acquired by a bank may soon have to undergo a risk assessment. the financial intelligence unit (fiu), the ...

despite expressing fears of rising defaults, banks today committed themselves to promptly sanction fresh loans to farmers covered ...

agitated with the government s move to merge state bank of saurashtra (sbs) with sbi, all the officers working in sbi and ...

the indian banks association (iba), today said k ramakrishnan has taken over as its chief ...

export credit guarantee corporation, insurer for the exporting firms, today said it is foraying into the domestic credit ...

canara bank has revised the interest on fcnr (b) deposits, for gbp and usd from august 1, 2008, on varying maturities from 1-5 ...

public sector banks have suddenly developed cold feet on raising lending rates even if it means sacrificing on their bottom ...

ahead of the finance minister s meeting with the public sector bank chiefs on august 13, the department of financial ...

the process of winding up kolkata-based industrial investment bank of india (iibi) has run into rough weather as the bid process ...

canara bank, the bangalore-based second largest public sector bank, has launched a scheme for the rejuvenation, modernisation and ...

yes bank intends to launch three private equity (pe) funds over the next 18-24 months a $300 million clean energy fund, a ...

but it won t downgrade the country s rating for now. global rating major moody s today said the ...

the government securities market witnessed heavy buying demand from foreign and private sector banks that generally act as ...

icra has signed an mou with canara bank under which icra will assign ratings to the bank s loans and its other exposures under ...

anil ambani group firm reliance infratel is likely to defer its initial public offer (ipo) plans as the capital market ...

after years of heady growth on the back of a retail lending wave, icici bank seems to be taking a pause and is instead focusing ...

liquidity looking bright liquidity in the system may improve this week, with the government beginning to compensate banks for ...

the supreme court has expressed concern over the increasing tendency of insurance companies to deny compensation to claimants of ...

given favourable regulatory conditions, india holds a promising growth opportunity for islamic finance institutions, whose asset ...

the government today announced the appointment of chairman-managing directors for allahabad bank, andhra bank and vijaya bank. k ...

there may finally be some good news for indian companies on foreign currency exchangeable bonds (fceb s). the finance ministry ...

after 24 years at the helm, narayan vaghul, the non-executive chairman of icici bank, will call it a day in march next year. his ...

the recent hike in the rates will hurt your finances further. time to do some stock-taking. earlier this week, reserve bank of ...

public sector lender state bank of travancore today said it will raise its benchmark prime lending rate (plr) by 50 basis points ...

union bank of india today said it has reduced interest rates on its foreign currency non-resident (b) deposits and non-resident ...

bank of rajasthan today said it has received shareholders approval for issue of bonus shares in the ratio of one share for every ...

bank of india executive director k r kamath has been appointed as the chairman and managing director of kolkata-based allahabad ...

union bank of india has opened its first branch in hong kong, targeting business in wholessale banking, loan ...

finance minister p chidambaram on friday said interest rates will moderate from the current high levels over the next ...

the country s 40 listed banks reported near flat profit growth during the first quarter of 2008- 09 as higher ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on friday said it is worried over rising defaults on credit card payments that reflect ...

following in the footsteps of other lenders, state-owned punjab sind bank (p sb) and private lender ing vysya ...

move follows tight norms for raters in us, eu after global financial turmoil. with the role of rating agencies under the lens ...

the current high interest rates in the country will begin to moderate in the next 6 to 12 months, finance minister p ...

number of self help groups (shgs) repaying their advances has come down to 85 per cent from 98 per cent in the last few years, ...

private lender standard chartered bank may again review its benchmark prime lending rates (bplr) soon, a top bank official ...

union bank of india (ubi) board will meet next week to take a call on raising prime lending rates (plr), that could rise by 25-50 ...

public sector lender, bank of india (boi), is considering a hike in its benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) following the reserve ...

central bank q1 net dips 39% state-run central bank of india today announced a decline in its net profit at rs 59.32 crore for ...

state bank of india, the country s largest bank, has received nearly 2.4 million applications for 20,000 clerical jobs. ...

the state bank of india (sbi), india s largest bank, has decided to expand its global operations and expects more than a ...

with the five-year term of the reserve bank of india (rbi) governor y v reddy coming to an end soon, names of his deputy rakesh ...

amendments may ease norms for mandatory listing. there is more to the amendment to insurance laws than an increase in the ...

the government today decided to expand two insurance schemes for rural landless households and women self-help groups (shgs). at ...

the country s largest private bank icici bank and the largest home mortgage company hdfc today announced a 75 basis point ...

the rising proportion of unsecured loans, increasing exposure to high-risk customers, spiralling interest rates and a decline in ...

home loan lender, hdfc, has upped its retail prime lending rate (rplr) by 0.75 per cent to 15 per cent with effect from august ...

country s second largest psu lender punjab national bank today said it does not see any jump in its net interest margin (nim) in ...

state-run central bank of india today announced a decline in its net profit at rs 59.32 crore for the quarter ended june 30, a ...

private sector lender yes bank today announced a jump of 50.9 per cent in the net profit for the quarter ended june 30, 2008, to ...

the state bank of india (sbi), india s largest bank, has decided to expand its global operations and expects more than threefold ...

federal bank has posted 2 per cent rise in net profit at rs 68.15 crore in the first quarter of the current fiscal as compared to ...

srei infrastructure finance limited, which recently entered into a a 50 50 joint venture (jv) with bnp paribas lease group ...

city union pat rises 22 per cent city union bank reported a 22 per cent increase in its profit after tax to rs 26.24 crore in ...

reliance capital profit rises 5% reliance capital today posted a 5 per cent rise in consolidated net profit to rs 343.1 crore in ...

riding on higher interest income, punjab national bank (pnb) on wedesday reported a 20.6 per cent increase in net profit to rs ...

reserve bank of india governor yv reddy brought the central bank ahead of the curve again, just weeks ahead of ...

a day after the reserve bank of india s (rbi) monetary-tightening measures, banks on began raising interest rates, ...

the manipal-headquartered syndicate bank, the 7th largest public sector lender (in terms of total business), today reported 60.18 ...

punjab national bank (pnb) today announced 100 basis points increase in lending rate and 75-100 basis points increase in deposit ...

state-run lender punjab national bank today posted a net profit of rs 512.40 crore for the quarter ended june 30, 2008, a 20.54 ...

the price of the ten-year benchmark paper 8.24 per cent 2018 fell by around rs 3 from an opening of rs 94.80 to the day s ...

the foreign exchange market was highly volatile on tuesday as banks bought dollars early in the day on behalf of oil companies. ...

corporation bank profits increase marginally hit by heavy depreciation in its investment portfolio, corporation bank posted a 4 ...

interest rates may increase 50 basis points, hit corporate expansion and retail loans. the reserve bank of india (rbi) today ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) governor today presented the first quarter review of annual statement on monetary policy for the ...

the finance ministry today said the hike in repo rate and cash reserve requirement is a signal to banks to moderate credit growth ...

signaling further monetary tightening, the reserve bank of india today raised the repo rate or the rate at which it lends to ...

hit by heavy depreciation in investment portfolio, corporation bank posted a 4 per cent increase in net profit at rs 184 crore ...

bankers and economists described the reserve bank s move to hike the repo and cash reserve ratio (crr) as aggressive , ...

public sector lender bank of baroda today announced a net profit of rs 370.86 crore for the quarter ended june 30, 2008, a 12 per ...

life insurance industry has witnessed a seven per cent drop in unit linked insurance product (ulip) sales during april to may ...

lending rates are likely to go up by 50-100 bps for retail as well as corporate borrowers, punjab national bank chairman k c ...

iob profit dips 5% indian overseas bank (iob) on monday reported a 4.66 per cent decline in its net profit for the first quarter ...

bank of india (boi) posted a 78.41 per cent growth in its net profit due to robust growth in interest income and fee-based ...

bangalore-based public sector lender vijaya bank today reported an all round decline in performance during the first quarter of ...

the country s second largest private sector lender hdfc bank on monday announced a 44.55 per cent jump in its net profit at ...

kotak mahindra bank has posted a 3 per cent increase in its net profit to rs 150 crore for the first quarter of 2008- 09 as ...

the reserve bank of india on monday said global food and energy prices may stay at elevated levels and put pressure on inflation ...

personal, home loan flows slow on high rates. the rise in interest rates and economic slowdown are showing their impact. while ...

the prices of government securities remained bullish since the market discounted a 25 basis point hike in the repo rate and ...

chennai-based madura micro finance ltd (mmfl) hopes to treble its reach in rural tamil nadu to 1.5 million women in the next two ...

the reserve bank of india today painted a gloomy picture for the economy. a survey conducted by the central bank said ...

public sector lender dena bank today announced a net profit of rs 68.3 crore for the first quarter ended june 30, a 22.28 per ...

public sector bank of india today announced a net profit of rs 561.95 crore for the first quarter ended june 30, a 78.28 per cent ...

the kotak mahindra group has posted a profit after tax of rs 150 crore for the first quarter of fy09 as compared to ...

kerala-based federal bank is acquiring around 5 per cent stake in unlisted catholic syrian bank (csb). while confirming the ...

syndicate bank skolkata region that comprises seven states including west bengal andnorth eastern states planned to raise lending ...

only a few signatures on some bank loan papers stood between deepak kulkarni, a senior executive in a communications firm, and ...

state bank of india s (sbi)- the country s largest bank - first quarter profit rose by 15.08 per cent on write-back ...

icici bank today reported a decline in quarterly net profit for the first time since its merger with icici in 2002. the net ...

uco bank posted a marginal 0.42 per cent increase in net profit at rs 133.44 crore in the first quarter as against rs 132.87 ...

bangalore-based public sector lender vijaya bank today reported a decline in performance during the first quarter of the current ...

icici bank today reported a 6.07 per cent drop in net profit to rs 775.08 for the quarter-ended june 2008 on account of higher ...

country s largest public sector bank the state bank of india recored a 15.1 percent jump in its net profits for the first quarter ...

uco bank has posted a marginal increase of 0.42 per cent in net profit for the first quarter of the current fiscal, at rs ...

the export-import bank of the united states has approved the participation of indian icici bank in its indian infrastructure ...

state bank of india chairman o p bhatt today said he expected moderate monetary tightening in reserve bank of india s ...

indusind, obc buck the trend. three out of the six banks, which declared their results on friday, saw a decline in their profits ...

indiabulls fin net up 28% to rs 149 cr indiabulls financial services, one of the leading nbfcs, posted a net profit of 28 per ...

the reserve bank of india is likely to finalise guidelines on mobile banking within two weeks that would enable banks to roll out ...

punjab national bank has taken a hit of nearly rs 150 crore on account of marked-to-market (mtm) losses on its bond portfolio for ...

life insurance corporation (lic) will not partner with ge money for its proposed foray into credit card business following huge ...

seek new credit lines, buy dollars. global crude oil prices have dropped 14 per cent in less than a fortnight, but ...

the company modified the terms of options available to its foreign partner for purchasing an additional 24 per cent stake in max ...

we will try to take the reform process forward.... the insurance bill is one of many bills which is ...

a day after manmohan singh won the trust vote, sans left support, rating agencies moody s investor services and icra today said ...

differential disclosures to make process easier for firms listed on bourses. the securities and exchange board of ...

canara bank, india s second largest public sector bank, today reported a 49 per cent fall in net profit to rs 122.68 crore for ...

ing vysya bank reported a 60 per cent increase in net profit to rs 40.63 crore for the first quarter of this financial year ...

the country s second largest mortgage player lic housing finance today reported a 124 per cent jump in net profit to rs 104.66 ...

lic housing finance, the mortgage arm of life insurance corporation of india (lic), is set to foray into the venture capital ...

despite the slowdown and higher provisioning needs, uco bank is targeting 81 per cent growth in bottomline this year to rs 750 ...

plans mortgage guarantee company with aig, ifc. the national housing bank (nhb) is drawing a roadmap including prudential norms ...

canara bank, india s second largest public sector bank, is all set for an aggressive play in the venture capital business. the ...

the udupi division of the lic launched satellite office here today. the satellite offices are attached to the respective ...

membership to help domestic banks access developed markets. like the global nuclear power club, india is set to join ...

here is some good news for students going abroad. medical insurance comes cheaper in india and sometimes, with better ...

karnataka bank plans to raise upto rs 243 crore through a rights issue. it received an approval of the shareholders at an ...

to hold on to stakes in itc, larsen toubro. the special undertaking of uti (suuti) is set to sell around 17 ...

high interest rates do not necessarily result in defaults by borrowers. default is linked to the attitude of the person, ...

corp bank, pnb too hike deposit, lending rates. state bank of india, the country s largest lender, on friday raised ...

vijaya bank awaits rbi move before effecting a hike. even as public sector banks are holding on to their prime ...

bank awaits rbi move to finalise the extent of increase. state bank of india, the country s largest lender, is ...

holders of health insurance policies issued from june 1 onwards will benefit. buyers of health insurance policies ...

rbi wants net-owned funds hiked to rs 2 crore. in a move aimed at tightening the norms for deposit-taking ...

yes also raises plr by 50 basis points. while the bigger players are debating the pros and cons of raising rates, ...

the anxiety shows on r n thakur s face. as the branch manager of union bank of india s branch in village kasabe digraj, 10 ...

the bank has estimated the value of the controversial products at rs 14 crore. private sector player yes bank is ...

the rs 72,000-crore loan waiver for farmers is a disaster. it spoils the credit culture in the country , said raghuram ...

bankex ends positive on short-covering. reacting to a hike in the repo rate or the rate at which the reserve bank ...

enters into an agreement with the indian industries association. the new age yes bank is targeting small and medium ...

repo rate hiked 25 basis points to 8 per cent. banks may soon raise lending as well as deposit rates with the ...

normalcy returned to the sahara premises in lucknow. the residuary nbfc saw the supreme court s direction to sahara ...

the oil marketing companies are driving credit growth. the banking sector -- which typically sees credit ...

board to finalise modalities for lic to pare stake by 3%. non-banking finance company ifci will decide next week on ...

kotak mahindra bank is looking at expanding its footprint in gujarat. the bank has just opened its first branch in ...

new dollar purchase facility, easy ecb norms boost sentiment. the spot rupee opened stronger on monday at 42.15-17 ...

need for banks to realign credit portfolio triggers spurt. after maintaining a low profile in the last two years, ...

india s first mf scheme ends its 43-year journey. sharjah-based marketing executive vijay raghavan has sent the 264 ...

life insurers have decided to pass on service tax to customers. the next time you buy a unit-linked insurance plan ...

others banks rule out immediate increase citing lower nims. state bank of india (sbi) today said it will raise ...

recovers to end at 42.97 to a dollar on rbi intervention. the spot rupee today reached a fresh 13-month, intra-day ...

rbi wants lenders to spell out nature of money parked in arms. in a move to encourage banks to follow accounting ...

the indian economy is sputtering, one group of analysts warns. monetary tightening has gone too far, business leaders ...

rise in bad loans compels the country s largest bank to restructure. state bank of india is developing business ...

move may face political reaction, say other banks. worried over rising defaults on loans for new tractors and ...

regulator seeks data from eight banks. the reserve bank of india (rbi) scanner on banks with exposures to exotic ...

no capital infusion in fy09, says sbi chairman o p bhatt. after reaching an understanding with ge money to bring ...

begin on a fresh note with sbi man at the helm of card firm. joint venture partners state bank of india (sbi) and ...

plants should source equipment, services from the us. export-import bank of the united states (ex-im bank) is open ...

icra report shows rising costs squeezing corporate profits. downgrades of rated instruments by credit rating agency ...

lengthens tenures in response to customer feedback. icici bank, india s second biggest bank, has offered to ...

the rupee s sustained decline continues, with a nine-month low of 41.225 against the dollar today, on the heels of news of the ...

pm s panel, icrier favour fund to utilise large forex reserves. the government has no plans to establish a ...

bis data show nation borrowed $28 bn in fourth quarter of 07 . foreign banks have sharply increased their exposure ...

the psu s first premium income rose only 6 per cent during 2007-08. a poor show by the life insurance corporation of ...

state-run lenders told to be cautious when selling exotic deals. taking note of mark-to-market losses incurred by ...

currency swings leave companies vulnerable. stung by the controversies on structured forex derivatives, bankers to ...

move should result in more takers for gilts. to make the government borrowing porgramme attractive in times of ...

if i were rbi governor...

fresh norms may be introduced for derivatives exposures of banks. reserve bank of india, in its annual policy for ...

infrastructure companies can now hope to borrow more from commercial banks. taking note of the usual delays an ...

refiners can hedge up to 50 per cent of imports. the rbi has permitted domestic crude oil refining companies to ...

time period for repatriation of export proceeds increased to a year. the credit policy offers exporters greater ...

icici bank defers ipo for i-sec following clarification. in a move that could significantly ease bank investment in their ...

of the eight state-run banks, two banks have reported a drop in profits. the rising cost of deposits seems to have ...

the central bank wants to ease credit flow to agriculture sector. in order to balance growth with inflation, the ...

the state bank of travancore (sbt), headquartered in thiruvananthapuram, has posted a net profit of rs 149.20 crore for the ...

the global financial turmoil has affected long-term credit ratings of two of merrill lynch s indian arms as also four indian ...

indian bank today reported near flat net profit growth during the fourth quarter of 2007-08 at rs 241.67 crore compared with rs ...

notwithstanding an imminent deceleration in the indian economy, state bank of india expects a 22-24 per cent credit growth in ...

public sector lender oriental bank of commerce (obc) has posted a net loss of rs 99.44 crore in the fourth quarter of 2007-08 due ...

india s corporate bond market remains under-developed despite strong economic growth and significant financial system reforms, ...

state-run indian bank today announced a standalone net profit of rs 241.67 crore for the fourth quarter ended march 31, 2008, a ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), expects a credit growth of 22 per cent this fiscal, a top bank official ...

state bank of india will book mark-to-market (mtm) loss of $10 million for erosion in the value of overseas financial investment. ...

finance minister p chidambaram on tuesday said that the government has received a proposal from the prime minister s council on ...

corporate lending departments asked to scan borrowers books.with little clarity on the list of companies that have ...

rating agency crisil has downgraded icici bank s securitised car and personal loan pool worth over rs 203 crore from aaa (so) to ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) should create a pool for senior citizen policies, according to general ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is slowly phasing out deposit-taking, non-banking finance companies (d-nbfcs) garnering public ...

foraying into the commercial banking space in gujarat, hsbc is eyeing for a larger chunk of business from the state in the coming ...

rabobank, the netherlands-based financial institution, is planning to set up a $100 million private equity fund in india which ...

axis bank today reported a 70.56 per cent increase in net profit during the fourth quarter of 2006-07 to rs 361.4 crore mainly ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) proposes to come out with prudential norms for reverse mortgage loans to safeguard banks in a ...

state-run indian overseas bank has decided to increase interest rates on new loans given below benchmark prime lending rate ...

state bank of india (sbi) and icici bank, the nation s two biggest banks, will be worst hit by the central bank s decision to ...

a tepid response to the employee stock purchase scheme (esps) has forced state bank of india (sbi) to relax the one-year lock-in ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has initiated talks with accounting standards regulator institute of chartered accountants of ...

the reserve bank of india has expressed its inability to accede to mangalore-based private sector karnataka bank s proposal to ...

public sector bank (psb) chiefs will have a lot to discuss when they meet finance minister p chidambaram on may 1 to get a broad ...

there may not be any legal obstacles to the state bank of saurashtra s (sbs) merger with the state bank of india (sbi) but it is ...

the asian development bank (adb) is going to help develop clean energy projects in asia including india. with an initial seed ...

the hyderabad high court yesterday said that the icici bank cannot treat as non-performing assets the amount of money ...

the reserve bank of india deputy governor, v leeladhar on thursday said that the derivative deals, some of which are locked in ...

it is boom time for actuaries as demand for them is growing, especially from insurance and outsourcing companies. it is estimated ...

the government has asked the reserve bank of india to review the pending cases of alleged violation of the foreign exchange ...

ge money s tie-up with life insurance corporation for cards has not gone down well with state bank of india. while sbi and ge ...

joining the government in battling the skyrocketing inflation, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today hiked the cash reserve ratio ...

icici bank, the country s largest private lender, will adopt a wait-and-watch strategy for deciding on increasing interest rates ...

v leeladhar, deputy governor, reserve bank of india (rbi), today said derivative deals do not pose any systemic risks. while ...

malappuram-based south malabar gramin bank (smgb), a regional rural bank (rrb) sponsored by the canara bank, posted a profit of ...

standard and poor s today said india was largely insulated from problems posed by the financial crisis and the slowdown in the ...

india s money, bond and currency markets have been stable and may be immune to the global credit crisis, according to reserve ...

mangalore-based public sector corporation bank today launched corp shelter , the reverse mortgage loan scheme for senior ...

hyderabad-based sks microfinance private limited on tuesday introduced swayam shakti suraksha, a group insurance product of bajaj ...

sks microfinance private limited is planning to sell solar lamps and groceries to its members apart from marketing gsm handsets ...

amid the global debate on sovereign wealth funds (swfs), reserve bank of india governor y v reddy has said that india is still ...

kotak mahindra bank today said companies, which have reaped the benefits of derivatives deals in the past, should not blame banks ...

icici bank has doubled the minimum quarterly average balance to be maintained in a savings account to rs 10,000 from rs 5,000 ...

in the last few years, unit-linked insurance plans (ulips) have quietly become one of the largest players in the indian stock ...

public sector lender state bank of india will tie up with a domestic firm to roll out its mobile banking services within a month, ...

in a move to tap opportunities in the bottom of the pyramid market, sbi mutual fund is set to make the minimum investment ...

close on the heels of ahmedabad-based manekchowk co-operative bank s decision to merge with mumbai s abhyudaya co-operative bank, ...

indian corporate houses making overseas investments through big-ticket acquisitions is now quite established. but they seem to be ...

liquidity stays surplus though foreign exchange inflows have been subdued, fresh flows have started coming in. this ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has fined 10 insurance companies, including both the insurance arms of ...

stressing greater financial prudence and transparency on the part of urban cooperative banks (ucbs) in the country, the reserve ...

yes bank plans to set up an asset reconstruction company (arc) by september jointly with a us-based financial services ...

hdfc bank has unveiled plans to foray into bahrain by the middle of the year, following bank of baroda s re-entry into the ...

banks that had cut their prime lending rates early this year on cues from the government are reviewing the decision due to a ...

private sector lender yes bank has zeroed in on two banks as possible acquisition targets and could execute the buy-out in the ...

the madras high court today passed an interim order restraining axis bank from enforcing the forex derivatives contract sold to ...

yes bank has zeroed in on two banks as possible acquisition targets and could execute the buy-out in the next 18-24 months, a top ...

billionaire george soros said the seizure in global credit markets caused by the subprime collapse will get worse before it gets ...

aegon religare life insurance company, a joint venture between global life insurance major aegon and the integrated financial ...

the bank of england (boe) today cut the benchmark interest rate for the third time since december as higher credit costs and the ...

the credit card joint venture between state-run major life insurance corporation of india (lic) and ge money is expected to ...

india s largest private sector bank, icici bank, is in talks with moscow bank for reconstruction and development, an arm of ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) is planning to raise more than rs 10,000 crore from the market ...

the rising credit costs in tight financial markets have hit india inc s plans to raise funds through external commercial ...

yes bank has reported a 112% increase in net profit at rs 200.02 crore for the year ended march 31, 2008 when compared with rs ...

british credit card bank capital one has announced plans to axe 750 jobs as part of its move to shift more operations to india ...

in a move that could set a precedence for a host of derivatives-related cases between banks and companies, kotak mahindra bank ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may avoid moral suasion to deter bids at its daily reverse repo tenders and instead reject bids ...

three years after idbi became a bank, yogesh agarwal, the bank s third chairman and managing director in as many years, is ...

union bank of india, as part of its business building initiatives, is looking to expand the banking habit villages programme in ...

fullerton india credit company ltd, a leading player in the non-banking finance space, in its efforts at reaching out to the ...

insurance companies across the globe settled claims for $27.6 billion on natural disasters in 2007, even as 40 per cent of the ...

liquidity in surplusthe system was awash with liquidity, thanks to the influx of advance tax outflows and the excess ...

corporate houses that are promoters of insurance companies can now launch insurance broking companies. the insurance regulatory ...

the growth in the first year premium (fyp), particularly in unit-linked insurance policies (ulips), of life insurance players, ...

the banking sector, including regional rural banks and cooperative banks, has issued 628,392 kisan credit cards (kcc) with a ...

the committee on financial sector reforms headed by raghuram rajan has recommended that provident funds and insurance companies ...

liquidity tough timesthere is surplus liquidity in the system, but it will gradually recede following the ...

in a far reaching suggestion that will elicit support from the political class, an expert committee has called for the ...

at a time when the government is unable to push through financial sector reforms or disinvestment, a planning ...

irene d souza s (name changed) broker had got her a home loan of rs 18 lakh approved from icici bank. however, when she went for ...

union bank of india, as part of its business-building initiatives, is looking to expand the banking habit villages programme in ...

in a bid to tame the high inflation from the monetary side, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has started reviewing the option of ...

india s foreign exchange reserves shot up 55 per cent in 2007-08 to close at $309.16 billion an increase of nearly $110 billion ...

even as the reserve bank of india (rbi) today sucked out liquidity worth rs 38,000 crore, it announced the sale of treasury bills ...

banks are ruling out an immediate hardening of interest rates and will wait for cues from the reserve bank of india (rbi) before ...

union bank of india (ubi) today launched its reverse mortgage scheme for senior citizens. the scheme will enable senior citizens ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today directed banks to set up financial literacy and credit counselling centres (flccs). the ...

state bank of india (sbi), bengal circle, is planning to launch a smart card solution through a business correspondent model in ...

the reserve bank of india may prefer to wait for the annual policy review on april 29 to take a monetary stance in response to ...

the tamil nadu cooperative bank employees federation plans to go on fast in front of all district headquarters across the state ...

a change in the compensation structure has resulted in foreign banks selling their prime residential property across the ...

india may have taken a lead in medical tourism, but insurance companies are reluctant to cover the cost of treatment of the ...

punjab national bank is worried about the recovery of credit extented under the government sponsored schemes in haryana. these ...

punjab national bank (pnb) has raised interest rates on pound and euro deposits while reducing rates for us dollar deposits ...

icici bank has bought back bonds aggregating $50 million.according to a release issued by the bank to the bse today, the ...

forty-five banks and financial institutions with 444 branches advanced rs 2,201.32 crore (67.06 per cent) as against a target of ...

in an attempt to improve employee morale, the reserve bank of india (rbi) is mulling a proposal to upgrade the post of regional ...

bank of maharashtra (bom) has opted out of the proposed general insurance joint venture (jv) with shriram financial services and ...

the exchangeable bonds (fcebs) proposed by the government as an additional instrument for fund-raising by companies overseas may ...

shareholders are losing money. bankers are fuming. lawyers are smiling. and the auditors ah well, they are just waking up.

to spearhead its operations in international markets, dewan housing finance company (dhfl), the second largest housing finance ...

the british haven t had a recession for so long, they appear to have forgotten what they are like. they are about to get a sharp ...

pune-based public sector bank bank of maharashtra (bom) has decided to opt out of the joint venture with shriram financial ...

aegon religare life insurance company, a joint venture between netherlands-based aegon and religare, has received the initial ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is confident of tiding over the recent spurt in inflation, governor y v reddy indicated to ...

swiss banking behemoth ubs yesterday announced that its latest subprime-linked writedown of about $19 billion will have no impact ...

the reserve bank of india may allow the rupee to appreciate to temper prices, joining central banks across asia, as the global ...

this year s corporate insurance cover renewals have thrown up many surprises. india inc has seen its premiums drop by 60-75 per ...

reporting norms for broking houses and depository participants are likely to made more stringent this financial year (fy09) as ...

indian bank has crossed rs 1 lakh crore business as of march 31, 2008, the chennai-based bank said in a statement ...

citigroup inc, battling to restore profit after a record loss, will set up an independent credit-card unit and overhaul consumer ...

global financial institutions such as goldman sachs, morgan stanley, jp morgan, credit suisse and nomura among others are in the ...

concerns on inflation and fading hopes of a cut in interest rates pulled down the prices of government securities across ...

alarmed over the use of bonds and treasury bills (t-bills) under the market stabilisation scheme (mss) for liquidity management ...

the entire banking sector may have to make a provision of around rs 800-1,000 crore in their trading portfolio of government ...

around 25-30 per cent of corporate insurance policies that come up for renewal on april 1 have secured discounts in excess of 60 ...

chennai-based indian overseas bank (iob) plans to acquire shree suvarna sahakari bank, a pune-based cooperative bank. the board ...

calling the present level of inflation unacceptably high, reserve bank of india governor yv reddy said that the central bank is ...

the bush administration is proposing the broadest overhaul of wall street regulation since the great depression, according to a ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc), which was headquartered in lahore before independence, may apply to the reserve bank of india ...

public sector canara bank launched a call centre in bangalore to enable its customers access information pertaining to their ...

liquidity better timesliquidity is expected to improve as financial year-end worries of banks to set aside funds will ...

banks and financial institutions must provide greater transparency while reducing their market positions to repay their debts ...

after industrial development bank of india (idbi) deferred plans to cut its prime lending rate (plr), several banks have decided ...

hdfc bank is moving its business process outsouring (bpo) activity to semi-urban areas, and is planning to hire about 2,000 ...

the first adverse impact the rising inflation has become visible. industrial development bank of india (idbi) has deferred its ...

punjab national bank (pnb) is planning to foray into the credit card business by october. chairman and managing director k c ...

rating agency icra ltd (icra) and state bank of hyderabad have signed a memorandum of understanding under which icra will assign ...

mangalore-based public sector corporation bank has raised rs 300 cr to augment its tier-ii capital through an issue of unsecured, ...

days ahead of the close of the financial year, many banks are pushing exporters to unwind rupee-dollar options contracted towards ...

so far, banks were engaged in calculating minimum capital they needed to take care of credit, operational and market risks. but ...

despite fears of slowdown, investments in the indian properties continue unabated. the euronext-listed real estate investment ...

allahabad bank has cut the benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) by 25 basis points.in a statement to the bombay stock ...

investors in yes bank, an indian lender partly owned by rabobank groep of the netherlands, had a turbulent ride amid unraveling ...

the proposed three-way venture between the ashok wadhwa-promoted ambit group, web18 of the tv18 group and centurion bank of ...

uttar pradesh has become the third state, after gujarat and andhra pradesh, to sign a memorandum of understanding (mou) with the ...

federal bank inaugurated 26 new branches across 11 states on wednesday, taking the total number of branches to 602. the bank ...

non-life insurance companies will have to wait for a few more months before they can change the wordings, terms and conditions of ...

indian households are increasingly opting for physical assets as instruments of savings compared with their earlier emphasis on ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has decided to reduce the solvency margins on term products in an ...

in a move aimed at making term insurance products cheaper and popular among customers, the insurance regulatory development ...

federal bank inaugurated 26 new branches across 11 states on wednesday. this will take its total branch network to 602. the bank ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may allow banks to continue the loan recovery proceedings if the borrower persistently makes ...

federal bank will open three more branches in karnataka on march 26. with this the number of its branches in the state will touch ...

ngo care-india, in association with bajaj allianz general insurance company, has launched a community-based micro health ...

insurance against terror will command a lower premium starting from the next financial year as the pool created in this respect ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) will issue licences to four new insurance companies to start operations ...

it is not just government employees who are cheering the sixth pay commission report. even banks are eyeing big bucks with the ...

state bank of india (sbi), the largest bank in the country, has received the approval of monetary authority of singapore (mas) ...

non-life insurance companies are keen on getting a slice of the rs 1,000-crore health insurance scheme proposed for 23 lakh ...

corporation bank, a medium size public sector bank, will raise rs 500 crore through tier-ii bonds.according to a release ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) proposes to evaluate the progress of districts under financial inclusion through an independent ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has ruled out the possibility of discontinuing the year-old motor pool, ...

the government will raise rs 96,000 crore from the market in april-september 2008 by issuing securities to part-finance its ...

china s yuan was little changed, trading near the strongest since a dollar link ended in 2005, after japan s finance minister ...

the sixth pay commission s recommendations would have jolted many bankers recovering from monday morning blues, which seemed ...

central banks from 16 asian nations may invest more of their $1 trillion of foreign reserves in the region s debt as federal ...

punjab national bank will be raising rs 500 crore as pnb upper tier ii bonds series iv, with option to retain oversubscription, ...

liquidity may easeliquidity is likely to improve this week with the end of the outflow towards advance taxes. banks ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh) will raise rs 900 crore to meet basel-ii compliance requirements for accounting standards 15 (as15) ...

dena bank is likely to raise rs 300-350 crore capital in the next financial year to maintain a 24 per cent credit growth, ...

the federal reserve and bank of england (boe) denied a report on saturday that they were in talks over possibly using public ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $3.028 billion to $306.488 billion for the week ended march 14, according to data released by ...

state bank of india (sbi), which got a licence from saudi arabian monetary agency (sama) last year to open its full-fledged ...

atleast four public sector banks and four foreign lenders are likely to join the state bank of india-led consortium to raise $3 ...

contrary to the bank unions demands to halt the merger of state-run banks, the all india insurance employees union (aiiea) ...

atleast four public sector banks and four foreign lenders are likely to join state bank of india led consortium to raise the $3 ...

crisil on wednesday put the rating of debt instruments of 27 indian arms of global banking groups, including citi and standard ...

punjab national bank (pnb) expects to get rs 2,000 crore from the government in the financial year beginning april for farm loan ...

the reserve bank of india is planning to allow domestic companies to hedge their oil purchases in a bid to lower the impact of ...

congress today asked scheduled and private banks to cut interest rates on home loans to bring relief to millions of people ...

there seem to be some question marks regarding state bank of india s rs 16,736 crore rights issue with the country s largest bank ...

with a view to provide flexibility to insurance companies, the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has ...

seven years after the reputation of co-operative banks took a beating in the wake of ketan parekh scam, there is a new wave of ...

leading foreign private equity investors sequoia capital and nexus india have invested rs 120 crore in local brokerage firm ...

concerns of lower profit accretion to icici bank from its insurance business was little overdone, said brokerage firm prabhudas ...

sg private banking is planning to scale up its wealth management business. the bank recently acquired the non banking finance ...

home loan rates have seen a declining trend during the last one year, with rates slashed as many as three times by several banks, ...

the gujarat government-pioneered e-gram project, which aims to facilitate e-governance initiatives in villages through a central ...

the market for reverse mortgage services, under which senior citizens can pledge their property for a steady income, will have a ...

indian banks with operations in mauritius state bank of india and bank of baroda could look forward to newer business ...

thrissur-based south indian bank is planning to open a representative office in sharjah to cater to non resident indians in the ...

icici bank, the country s largest private sector lender, and its insurance arm icici lombard, have come under the scanner of fair ...

there seems to be some year-end activity at banks with non-food credit offtake in the fortnight ended february 29, 2008, going up ...

the dollar fell below 96 yen for the first time in 12 years earlier today after the federal reserve s emergency weekend cut in ...

after the reserve bank of india, it is now the income tax authorities who have put banks and companies disclosing losses in their ...

icici bank, the country s biggest private sector lender, along with its insurance arm, icici lombard, has come under the scanner ...

j p morgan chase co set a deal to buy bear stearns for a rock-bottom price of $2 per share (or approximately $240 million) ...

state bank of bikaner jaipur is planning to raise rs 200 crore.according to a release issued by the bank to the bse ...

what could set the alarm bells ringing for the indian banking system is the revelation that there has been a six-fold rise in ...

the government on saturday said state bank of india has suffered a loss of only rs 1 crore in the overseas credit derivatives ...

bear stearns 85 years as an independent wall street firm may be coming to an end as jpmorgan chase considers buying the crippled ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $2.225 billion to $303.460 billion during the week ended march 7, according to data released ...

international claims of indian banks have risen by 41.15 per cent to rs 1,49,167 crore at the end of june 2007 on account of ...

barclays, a global financial services provider, announced the launch of hello money , a mobile banking service for its ...

reserve bank of india governor y v reddy defended his decision to keep the rates unchanged by saying that all stakeholders should ...

the reserve bank of india has withdrawn the blanket ban imposed on the international audit and consultancy firm ...

icici prudential life launches r.i.c.h. fund

icici prudential life insurance has launched r.i.c.h fund that will invest in four categories -- resources, investments, ...

the japanese yen today breached the crucial barrier of 100 to dollar and reached an intraday high of 99.73 before closing for the ...

meera sanyal, country executive, abn amro bank, said it s interesting times to take over the reins, especially with abn ...

state-owned lender union bank of india has entered into a strategic tie-up with financial services provider idbi capital market ...

the rs 60,000 crore farm loan relief package announced by finance minister p chidambaram in the budget might have become an issue ...

united bank of india is targeting to double its business to rs 150,000 crore by 2011 and has roped in indian institute of ...

the decline of the dollar against the japanese yen is unlikely to impact corporate india much as most yen loans are covered. ...

indian bank plans to open 12 new microstate branches to provide microfinance exclusively for self-help groups (shgs) across the ...

broadridge financial solutions inc, a spin-off of the us-based adp brokerage services group, is looking at asia-pacific and ...

uco bank is all set to raise rs 625 crore through the perpetual non-cumulative preference shares (pncps) route in a bid to ...

banks such as federal bank, south indian bank and city union bank are losing out in market share to their new age counterparts in ...

in an attempt to make unit-linked insurance policies (ulips) run parallel to endowment policies, the insurance regulatory and ...

even after downgrading almost 10,000 subprime-mortgage bonds, standard poor s and moody s investors service haven t cut the ...

garlanding politicians with currency notes may be a time-tested method of appeasing them, but reserve bank of india (rbi) is not ...

thrissur - headquartered (kerala) catholic syrian bank (csb) is looking at closing this financial year with a business of rs ...

in recent times, the consumer has been bombarded with an unprecedented barrage of brand advertisement campaigns from insurance ...

leading financial sector entities including deutsche bank, jm financial, kotak mahindra and arcil have evinced interest in buying ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has warned all public sector general insurance companies not to charge ...

former rbi deputy governor and author of capital account convertibility roadmap s s tarapore today favoured imposing reserve ...

in order to cash in on the real estate boom, life insurance corporation housing finance (lichf) is set to launch a new venture ...

the us federal reserve said today that it was expanding a securities lending programme and will accept a broader range of ...

the staff of state bank of india (sbi) today staged demonstrations against sbi s reported decision to shift the money market ...

the negative sentiment in the equity market is beginning to spread to other instruments as well. fixed maturity plans (fmps), ...

federal reserve officials are being forced to consider limiting the size of future interest rate cuts because of the worsening ...

gurusiddheshwar urban cooperative bank in hubli, which had been forced to suspend operation will resume business soon. the ...

kotak mahindra old mutual life insurance limited (kotak life insurance) opened its fifth branch in andhra pradesh at ...

as part of its diversified distribution approach, metlife india insurance company limited has entered into a corporate agency ...

there is confusion among the regional rural banks regarding the central bank s direction on poultry exposure after the bird flu ...

the yuan rose to the highest since a dollar link ended in july 2005 as a government report showed producer prices climbed at the ...

ipo grading is a new concept launched in mid-2007 by crisil. while it is unique to india, the underlying philosophy - the need ...

life insurance companies have written to the finance ministry seeking clarity on the proposal to tax the fund management services ...

after political opposition to bilateral trade agreements, it is now the reserve bank of india that is raising the red flag on ...

investments in the textile industry have been hit because of the fluctuating rupee. as 80 per cent of the industry is ...

imagine a tiny automated teller machine (atm) that could be carried anywhere in your bag. unusual it may sound, but gujarat will ...

kotak mahindra old mutual life insurance (kmomli) limited, a joint venture between kotak mahindra bank and london-based old ...

liquidity no strain liquidity in the system may remain comfortable this week, but market players will be cautious as ...

max new york life insurance is aiming for a rs 1 lakh crore business by the end of december 2008. the total sum assured as of ...

even as country s largest private lender icici bank reported a rs 280-crore mark-to-market additional provisioning to cover ...

ing vysya plans to infuse fresh capital of rs 125 crore this month to increase the capital base of the company from the current ...

bank of baroda (bob), one of the leading public sector banks in the country, is looking to double its business in three years to ...

the income tax department has decided to reopen the assessments of all life insurance companies since 2002-03 for fresh scrutiny ...

reserve bank of india governor y v reddy said price stability remains its top priority as inflation breached the central bank s ...

reserve bank of india governor y v reddy today said price stability remains its top priority to contain the adverse effect on ...

foreign exchange reserves moved above the $300-billion mark to touch $301.235 billion for the week ended february 29 - an ...

a day after finance minister p chidambaram pitched for lower interest rates on home loans up to rs 20 lakh, private sector ...

bank of baroda (bob) is aiming at doubling business in the next three years to rs 5,00,000 crore. we are expected to ...

hints at lower rates up to rs 20 lakh.finance minister p chidambaram has indicated that interest rates on housing loans ...

max new york life insurance company, one of the leading private insurance companies of the country, has forayed into health ...

indian banks have started experiencing the ripples of the us subprime crisis. while icici bank is provisioning an additional $70 ...

on the advent of the proposed loan waiver scheme, the regional rural banks are confused on whether to continue on the circulars ...

the government today said it was open to revisiting the restrictions imposed on bringing money raised through external commercial ...

state bank of travancore (sbt) has signed mous with the four credit rating agencies icra, care, fitch and crisil to rate bank ...

standard chartered has received the reserve bank of india s (rbi) approval to acquire american express bank (aeb) from american ...

yes bank will raise $150-175 million from private placement or qualified institutional placement (qip) of equity shares in the ...

private insurance company max new york life insurance today announced plans to triple its capital base to rs 2,600 crore in three ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) will sign an agreement with joint venture partners by this month-end for launching the ...

life insurance companies are deeply concerned over the proposal to extend the requirement of permanent account number (pan) to ...

bangalore-based ing vysya life insurance on tuesday forayed into the retirement segment by unveiling its new product ing ...

the dollar fell for a sixth day against the yen and traded near a record low versus the euro as traders increased bets that the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) issued prudential guidelines for banks issuing letters of comfort (locs) to overseas ...

ever since the federal reserve created a term auction facility in december to ease the strains in the interbank-lending market, ...

sbi life insurance company, hdfc standard life insurance, hdfc ergo general insurance and icici lombard general insurance will ...

bank of baroda, andhra bank and legal and general group of uk have signed the shareholder s agreement for a joint venture to ...

a strong demand for dollars from foreign banks led the spot rupee to close at a six-month low of 40.37 38 to a dollar on monday. ...

ahmed khizer khan, chief executive officer, emerging markets, barclays global retail and commercial banking, describes ...

the hong kong and shanghai banking corporation s (hsbc) indian branches have posted a 34 per cent increase in profit to $529 ...

public sector general insurance companies are pressing hard for a quicker disposal of third party motor insurance claims, which ...

bank of india (boi) is planning to sell non-performing assets worth about rs 250 crore to asset reconstruction companies (arcs) ...

while budget 2008 has not mentioned anything about service tax on insurance commissions, life insurance corporation (lic) is ...

statutory liquidity ratio (slr) bonds, a government instrument for meeting financial commitments, are likely to be issued to ...

asian currencies fell, led by south korea s won and the indonesian rupiah, as losses in regional stocks prompted investors to ...

the mother of all loan waiver packages announced in the budget on friday will have limited impact on commercial banks. this is ...

global banking giant hsbc today said n r narayana murthy, chief mentor, infosys technologies, will join its board in may with an ...

liquidity may easethe pressure on liquidity is likely to ease as banks have already arranged funds for the advance ...

the budget proposal providing an additional deduction of rs 15,000 to an individual paying the medical insurance premium for his ...

finance minister p chidambaram today sought to allay apprehensions that the rs 60,000 crore farmers package will lead to ...

the budget proposal to introduce exchange-traded currency and interest rate futures and a transparent credit derivatives market ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $1.754 billion to $294.610 billion for the week ended february 22, according to data released ...

financial inclusion move to open 250 accounts each year in rural areas is set to bring the masses under the banking fold. ...

large supplies of certificates of deposits (cd) continued today as banks issued fresh cds to refinance outstanding cds maturing ...

the yen rose against 14 of the 16 most-active currencies as asian stocks fell for the first time this week, encouraging investors ...

the finance minister palaniappan chidambaram will be a genius if his budgetary proposals, to be announced in parliament tomorrow, ...

icici bank uk, a wholly owned subsidiary of icici bank, has opened a branch in frankfurt. this will give the bank access to the ...

kumbakonam-based private sector city union bank (cub) is planning to open 40 branches across the country and start a portfolio ...

the union budget is likely to announce tax sops for real estate investment trusts (reits) to bring them on par with mutual funds, ...

the yuan rose, snapping a three-day loss, as the dollar fell and on speculation china will accelerate the pace of its currency s ...

the federal reserve has been cutting interest rates aggressively since september, a total of 225 basis points in less than five ...

asset financing non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) have asked the finance ministry to extend income tax benefits to them from ...

public sector industrial development bank of india (idbi bank) has submitted a proposal to the government to revamp its capital ...

the yen rose against 12 of the 16 most active currencies as asian stocks pared gains, encouraging investors to reduce holdings of ...

the nadar mahajana bank share investors forum, which holds a majority stake in tuticorin-based tamilnad mercantile bank (tmb), ...

public sector corporation bank has entered into an agreement with mangalore refinery and petrochemicals limited (mrpl), an ongc ...

hdfc bank on monday approved the acquisition of centurion bank of punjab (cbop) for rs 9,510 crore in the largest merger in the ...

small industries development bank of india (sidbi) was focusing on micro-finance operations in the eastern region and was looking ...

the yen fell against all 16 most active currencies as gains in stocks and commodities spurred traders to buy higher-yielding ...

hdfc bank, the second largest private sector bank in the country, is all set to absorb centurion bank of punjab (cbop), the new ...

punjab national bank (pnb), the country s third largest lender, today followed its peers to lower its benchmark rate, giving in ...

punjab national bank has reduced the benchmark prime lending rate (plr) by 50 basis points (bps) from the existing level of 13% ...

the two-day strike of public sector banks throughout the country has been called off following an agreement between the banks and ...

liquidity costly global borrowingsliquidity will continue to be tight both in the foreign exchange and money markets. ...

life insurance agents are likely to be exempted from payment of service tax if their total annual commission income does not ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has directed public sector banks to set up specialised branches for small and medium enterprises ...

the boards of directors of hdfc bank and centurion bank of punjab (cbop) today separately gave their in-principle approvals for ...

mumbai-based axis bank is betting big on treasury operations to boost its income. the income from treasury operations would touch ...

employee unions of 28 public sector banks, on friday, decided to go ahead with the proposed two-day strike from february 25 and ...

heavy buying of dollars by major foreign banks such as hsbc and standard chartered bank for their custodian clients (fiis) led ...

the rapidly growing banking, financial and services industry (bfsi) sector in india is expected to create about a million jobs ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked banks to step up efforts for financial inclusion to cover underbanked areas and ...

bank of baroda (bob) has reduced its prime lending rate (plr) by 50 basis points to 12.75% to stimulate credit demand. the new ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $2.048 billion to $292.856 billion for the week ended february 15, according to data released ...

public sector banks have sought deduction for provisioning for bad asset according to the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) ...

five years ago, president george w bush was looking for someone to sell his tax cut to the american people. he selected john snow ...

the yen rose against the dollar, reversing a decline, and pared losses against the euro. the yen advanced to 108.03 per dollar by ...

banking regulator reserve bank of india is sitting tight on branch authorisation applications of foreign banks that have strong ...

the imbroglio between government, banks and employee unions over the merger of public sector banks (psbs) and associate banks is ...

punjab national bank (pnb) and vijaya bank have begun the process of exiting their joint ventures (jvs) with the us-based ...

faced with opposition from the reserve bank of india, the government today decided to subscribe to the state bank of india s ...

even as talks of multinational captives closing operations in india are making the rounds, deutsche bank is planning to expand ...

faced with opposition from reserve bank of india, the government today decided to subscribe to the rights issue of state bank of ...

in a concerted move, four public sector banks today cut their benchmark prime lending rates (plrs). state bank of india (sbi), ...

centurion bank of punjab (cbop) is looking towards setting up mobile banking villages. the concept envisages conducting banking ...

the yen fell for a seventh day against the euro and weakened versus the dollar. the japanese currency declined 0.1 per cent to ...

metlife india insurance has announced that it is increasing its paid-up capital by rs 350 crore to rs 1,230 crore to support the ...

finance minister p chidambaram has directed the indian bank association (iba) to resolve ongoing issues faced by bank employees ...

cheque truncation solution is a big milestone in the indian banking industry. it enables cheque clearing on the same day, ...

a strong demand for dollars from importers and a lack of fresh inflow into the market led the spot rupee to breach the crucial ...

standard poor s has got an approval from foreign investment promotion board (fipb) to set up a wholly owned subsidiary in ...

conceding the long-pending demand from around 11 lakh agents, the life insurance corporation of india (lic) has revised the ...

after developing bancassurance channels, which banks use to sell insurance products, the latest buzzword among insurance ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has issued a restricted banking licence to american express bank (amex) to conduct credit card ...

demand for dollars from importers and lack of fresh inflows saw the spot rupee breach the crucial barrier of 40 per dollar, and ...

the banking regulator has rejected proposals by four banks bank of india, indusind bank, kotak mahindra bank and hdfc bank to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has turned down indusind bank s proposal to pay its new managing director and ceo romesh sobti, a ...

thousands of people from rural areas across 12 states are likely to get their social security pension and wages paid under the ...

five senior bankers have been shortlisted to head as many public sector banks, four of which are listed and one is likely to list ...

insurance regulatory development authority (irda) has warned insurers not to issue policies without receiving the proposal ...

tuticorin-based tamilnad mercantile bank (tmb) is planning to launch internet and mobile banking from april 2008, as part of its ...

the visakhapatnam cooperative bank (vcb), the largest cooperative bank in andhra pradesh, is in the process of taking over the ...

china s yuan led gains among asian currencies on increased pressure for the government to widen the band in which the currency is ...

customers of one bank will be allowed free use of atms of other banks from april 1, 2009. customers will soon be able to walk ...

chennai-based indian overseas bank (iob) has entered into a joint venture (jv) with a private financial company to start a new ...

the reserve bank of india has given the green light to swiss banking entity ubs to open a commercial banking branch in india ...

bank of baroda (bob) is likely to cut lending rates soon. we are considering a rate cut very seriously, anil khandelwal, ...

recognising the potential in the broking space, state-run canara bank is mulling a foray in the sector while state bank of india ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has clarified that only the premium collected for providing health ...

the insurance sector has demanded a hike in foreign direct investment (fdi) limit from the present 26% to 49% and exemption of ...

state bank of india s subsidiary sbi capital markets plans to set up a $100 million (about rs 400 crore) venture capital (vc) ...

foreign exchange reserves declined $1.864 billion to $290.808 billion for the week ended february 8, according to data released ...

the yen fell against the euro as stocks around the world rose, restoring appetite for higher- yielding assets purchased with ...

punjab national bank aims to expand its base in northern india to provide banking facilities at the doorsteps of people as it ...

foreign inflows into debt markets would continue to be controlled till wedges on account of higher inflation and interest rates ...

sbi life s south 2 region, which includes andhra pradesh and orissa, posted a two-fold growth in its business premium collection ...

india may not be in a position to loosen its fiscal policy to ight the possible economic downturn, as medium-term fiscal ...

the reserve bank of india has raised several concerns over the government s proposal to use the existing infrastructure of stock ...

indbank merchant banking services (indbank), a subsidiary of public sector indian bank, opened its first trading cafe for stock ...

thrissur-based catholic syrian bank (csb) has registered a 140 per cent increase in net profit for the nine months ended december ...

the yen rose against all but two of the 16 most-active currencies as stock markets in europe fell, prompting investors to reduce ...

business process outsourcing (bpo) companies such as infosys bpo, patni s bpo arm, exl services and genpact are increasing their ...

finance minister p chidambaram on tuesday prodded public sector banks to lend more to housing and consumer durables borrowers at ...

private sector lender hdfc bank has signed a $7.4 million, three-year strategic enterprise agreement with symantec for it ...

reliance money today launched its financial services in the united arab emirates by tying up with the dubai international ...

the yen rose against 12 of the world s 16 most-active currencies as widening credit-market losses spurred investors to reduce ...

with an eye on growing business opportunities for corporate banking and trade finance in india, switzerland-based banks have ...

finance minister p chidambaram today prodded public sector banks to lend more to housing and consumer durable borrowers at ...

looking to create a customer base of over 1 lakh in the middle-east, anil ambani group s financial products distribution arm ...

india infrastructure finance company (iifcl) is expected to get $250 million from reserve bank of india (rbi) by the end of the ...

two of the country s largest banks, state bank of india (sbi) and canara bank, today cut their benchmark prime lending rate (plr) ...

the government today conducted interviews for the post of chairman and managing director of public sector banks, in which 11 ...

state bank of india has received government approval to allot shares to its staff under employees stock purchase scheme at rs ...

the default rates of debt issuers have declined over the past 8 years (2000-2007) compared with those considered for the period ...

the global slowdown will impact economies, including emerging markets such as india and china, in varying degrees due to complex ...

the yen rose against all but one of the 16 most active currencies as a decline in asian and european stocks prompted investors to ...

when glenn stevens, governor of the reserve bank of australia, flew to london in january, he noticed a striking difference in ...

high-profile foreign investment banks operating in india and domestic stock broking companies managing portfolios of high ...

praising india for its macroeconomic policy and structural reforms, international monetary fund today said the country will grow ...

ifci has decided to offer voluntary retirement scheme (vrs) to employees.ifci is planning to reduce manpower, mostly ...

indian overseas bank (iob) is likely to cut lending rate by 25 basis points for select consumer loans.s a bhat, chairman, ...

awareness about insurance is quite high in india, yet less than three out of 10 households in the country have opted for some ...

iffco-tokio general insurance company (itgi) is likely to see its premium income dropping to rs 1,100 crore by the end of this ...

both the life and non-life insurers, along with the two standalone health insurance companies, have upped their ante to grab the ...

bank of india (boi) plans to use the capital it recently raised through qualified institutional placement (qip) for funding ...

kotak life insurance (kli) will open 100 more branches on a pan-india basis, taking the total network of branches to 210 by march ...

sbi life insurance company is planning to open 15-20 new branches in the northern region, besides doubling the number of ...

union minister for small and medium industries mahavir prasad has asked the bankers to provide maximum credit facility to the ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) denial of permission to swiss bank ubs to acquire standard chartered asset management company ...

india s foreign-exchange reserves rose $4.36 billion to a record $292.7 billion in the week ended february 1, the central bank ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is not in favour of the government subscribing to state bank of india s rights issue through ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $4.356 billion to $292.672 billion for the week ended february 1, according to data released ...

the rights issue of shares of state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, to raise rs 16,736 crore is likely to open ...

rakesh mohan, deputy governor, reserve bank of india, said inflation had been contained and the growth of investment in the ...

two days after the life insurance corporation of india (lic) launched health plus, its unit-linked health insurance policy ( ...

the monopolies and restrictive trade practices commission (mrtpc) had sent a letter to about half a dozen banks last month, ...

liquidity in surplusthe market is flush with liquidity and the reserve bank of india (rbi) absorbed around rs ...

soon after public sector lenders like canara bank and allahabad bank reduced home loan rates, pnb housing finance (pnbhf), a ...

icici bank is still awaiting reserve bank of india s final norms on bank holding companies, said managing director and chief ...

it s a fraud on existing retail borrowers when banks lower the rates only for new customers, admits the retail head of a ...

udupi-based syndicate bank has shelved its plan for a follow-on public issue of 80 million equity shares and will be going for a ...

glitnir, the northern european bank headquartered in iceland, will be filing an application with the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

credit rating agency crisil has announced that it has reached a preliminary understanding with equifax inc of the us, and tata ...

the yen fell against 14 of the 16 most-active currencies after the reserve bank of australia raised interest rates, increasing ...

the public sector and regional rural banks should open 250 new accounts every year per branch to provide credit and banking ...

trading in india s government bonds rose to a record last month as demand for debt increased on speculation that policy makers ...

the aggregate net profit of banks during the quarter ended december 31, 2007, has registered a 41.5% growth largely due to lower ...

thiruvananthapuram-headquartered state bank of travancore (sbt) has received approval from the central bank of uae to open a ...

sks microfinance, a non-banking financial company based out of hyderabad, has entered into strategic tie ups with it firms ...

public sector banks canara bank, corporation bank and allahabad bank have decided to lower interest rates on housing loans, ...

icici bank, the country s largest private sector lender, today kept its cards close to the chest on the possibility of an ...

looking to derive strength from their huge customer base and branch network, two psu lenders - canara bank and oriental bank of ...

the reserve bank of australia (rba) raised its benchmark interest rate by a quarter point to an 11-year high saying a significant ...

subprime loss $70bn and counting....

check the amount of losses due to the subprime crisis for big guns of the financial sector. and remember.... its just the ...

life insurance corporation of india, visakhapatnam division, is aiming for a 30 per cent growth in its first premium collection ...

the yen fell against all but one of 16 of the most-active currencies as european stocks rose and asia s benchmark equity index ...

ing vysya life, part of the ing group, has plans to tie up with e-suvidha for the payment mode of its renewable premium payments ...

indian banks association (iba), the representative body of banking industry, is busy drafting a business plan to create ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) is looking to mop up rs 750 crore by the end of this fiscal, from eastern region ...

icici bank was looking at growing by 30 per cent on a year-on-year basis in its small and medium enterprises (sme) customers ...

lic launched health plus, a long-term unit-linked health insurance product on monday. this marks the insurance behemoth s foray ...

with only two months for the fiscal to end, the mysore division of life insurance corporation has achieved a 55 per cent in the ...

kotak mahindra bank may get more than a 51 per cent stake in the ahmedabad commodity exchange (acx). acx has chalked out a rs 50 ...

public sector lender bank of maharashtra (bom) might effect a lending rate cut in some segments next week, according to chairman ...

ge money india is looking for a strategic partner to drive scale just as it did with the state bank of india (sbi) for its card ...

under its industry-academia partnership programme, icici bank is in discussions with three leading universities of the west ...

public sector lender bank of maharashtra might effect a lending rate cut in some segments next week. we might effect an ...

public sector lender syndicate bank plans to come out with its second follow-on public offer (fpo) in three-six months to fund ...

chennai-based indian overseas bank (iob) has set a revenue target of rs 10,000 crore from its overseas expansion, slated to take ...

insurance has become the proverbial goose laying golden eggs for public sector banks which are foraying into the sector in a big ...

icici bank has shelved plans to divest stake in a holding company that was to be created for its insurance and mutual fund ...

the yen fell against 11 of the 16 most-active currencies as a rally in asian stocks encouraged investors to buy higher-yielding ...

in addition to all the mundane matters the us federal reserve considers at its regular meetings economic growth and inflation, ...

the indian banks, along with the chinese counterparts, with significant exposure to the realty and home mortgage segments are ...

crisil has placed its ratings on the debt programmes of ge money financial services ltd (gemfsl) and ge money housing finance ...

city union bank (cub) posted 83.12 per cent growth in net profit to rs 25.38 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2007, ...

dewan housing finance corporation limited (dhfl) has registered a 69 per cent rise in net profit for the quarter ended december ...

following a robust growth in fee income, jammu kashmir bank (j k bank) has reported a 30 per cent rise in net profit ...

due to pressure on its net interest income, united bank of india posted only a marginal rise of 7.08 per cent in net profit to rs ...

mangalore-based private sector karnataka bank limited today reported 28.11 per cent rise in net profit to rs 69.03 crore during ...

hdfc, the largest mortgage lender, has taken the lead in cutting home loan rates. hdfc has cut its retail prime lending rate ...

andhra bank reported a 16.69 per cent increase in net profit to rs 159.02 crore for the quarter ended december 31, 2007, compared ...

indusind bank has posted a net profit of rs 25.04 crore in the quarter ended december 31, 2007, compared with rs 21.63 crore in ...

the news is still being digested almost a week later venerable french bank societe generale lost 4.9 billion euros ($7.2 ...

the yen rose against all 16 of the most-active currencies as credit-market losses spurred investors to cut holdings of ...

public sector indian overseas bank (iob) today posted 24 per cent growth in net profit at rs 308.18 crore for the third quarter ...

bank of baroda has posted a 52.2 per cent growth in net profit for the third quarter ended december 2007 at rs 501.5 crore on ...

hit by high cost deposits, oriental bank of commerce s (obc) net profit dipped by 24 per cent to rs 138 crore for the third ...

at a time when managing capital flows is becoming a challenge for the authorities, the government is expecting to add $100 ...

government announced that it would strengthen 27 regional rural banks (rrbs) spread across 15 states by infusing fresh capital ...

andhra bank posted a net profit of rs 159.02 crore for the quarter ended december 31, 2007 when compared with rs 136.27 ...

indusind bank today announced a 15.76% increase in net profit at rs 25.04 crore for the quarter ended december 31, 2007 as ...

indian overseas bank (iob) today reported 24.88% increase in net profit at rs 308.18 crore for the quarter ended december ...

bank of baroda today reported a 52.23% increase in net profit at rs 501.05 crore for the quarter ended december 31, 2007 ...

banks are expected to review their deposit and lending rates in april on prodding by the reserve bank of india (rbi) even as the ...

rbi governor y v reddy explained the actions taken in the third quarterly monetary policy review at a media briefing on ...

rbi maintained the status quo in terms of policy direction and highlighted growth moderation in certain industrial sectors, ...

karur vysya bank (kvb) has reported 77 per cent rise in net profit at rs 46.43 crore for the quarter ended december 31, 2007, ...

manipal-based public sector syndicate bank today reported 21 per cent increase in net profit to rs 273.20 crore for the third ...

bankers meeting at the swiss ski resort of davos said there are increasing risks of a global recession, while manufacturers ...

interest rates on home loans are expected to remain stable despite reserve bank of india (rbi) sending clear signals to banks in ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) today reiterated its view that ensuringfinancial stability can, under certain circumstances, ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) today maintained its growth projection for gross domestic product (gdp) at 8.5% for fy08 - assuming ...

syndicate bank today announced a 20.81% increase in net profit at rs 273.19 crore for the quarter ended december 31, 2007 when ...

according to sources in the finance ministry, the union cabinet, undeterred by a countrywide strike last friday, is likely to ...

rise in retail prices of fuels could raise inflation from below 4%.in an indication that it may hold back a policy rate ...

in a double whammy for two-wheeler makers, whose sales fell nearly 8 per cent in april-december last year, leading financiers ...

the yen and the swiss franc strengthened as global stocks slumped, prompting investors to sell higher-yielding assets funded with ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) has earned the highest premium paid by any foreign partner for a tie-up to enter ...

rising interest rates have hit banks consumer finance business, particularly the housing loan segment. in the unsecured loan ...

it s the right time to beard the bear in its den. even as the stock market is limping back to normalcy after last week s carnage, ...

bnp paribas, a major european banking group, has infused 100 million euros (about rs 570 crore) by way of fresh equity in its ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has approved the sale of 26% stake in hdfc general insurance company to ...

societe generale sa (socgen) said trader jerome kerviel built up positions in european stock index futures of 50 billion euros ...

pune-based co-operative bank, cosmos, has joined hands with paymate to provide mobile payment facility to all its customers. with ...

anil ambani group s reliance life insurance today said it sees significant growth potential in rural market and has already ...

the banking regulator, reserve bank of india, has asked non banking finance companies (nbfc) to obtain its prior approval for ...

icici prudential life insurance company is looking for more tie-ups with nbfcs (non-banking financial companies) to increase its ...

to help attain bankers the herculean task of attaining 100 per cent financial inclusion, state bank of india (sbi) will soon lead ...

ing vysya life insurance of the ing group plans to expand in the north and central parts of the country as part of its plans for ...

kolkata-based magma shrachi finance limited has reported 63.2 per cent rise in its operating profit at rs 24.34 crore for the ...

in a massive expansion drive, hdfc bank is targeting over 1,000 branches by the end of this fiscal, a move that could help it ...

federal bank today reported a 22.75 per cent increase in net profit at rs 102.92 crore for the quarter ended december 31, 2007 as ...

ing vysya bank has posted a 198.33 per cent rise in third quarter net profit at rs 42.75 crore from rs 14.33 crore in the ...

leading stock broking house kotak securities has announced the launch of an innovative product to capitalize on the returns ...

uco bank today reported a 32.67 per cent decline in its net profit at rs 82.78 crore for the third quarter ending december 31, ...

ing vysya bank today reported a 198.53% increase in net profit of rs 42.75 crore for third quarter ended december 31, 2007 as ...

federal bank today reported a 22.51% growth in net profit at rs 102.92 crore for the quarter ended december 31, 2007 as against ...

employees of nationalised banks today went on a day-long nationwide strike to oppose the proposed merger of associate banks with ...

state bank of india today announced a 69.81 per cent rise in third quarter profit at rs 1,808.64 crore, as against rs 1,065.06 ...

national housing bank (nhb) is partnering us-based aig united guarantee, asian development bank (adb) and international finance ...

central bank of india has posted a 49.9 per cent rise in net profit for the third quarter ended december 2007 at rs 201.01 crore ...

robust recovery in bad loans and higher interest income helped state-run punjab national bank record a 26 per cent increase in ...

sbi life insurance company has wiped out its accumulated losses of rs 33 crore and has posted a net profit of rs 23.6 crore for ...

the emergency cut in the overnight rate by the us federal reserve has triggered widespread expectations of an easing of monetary ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has sought data from non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) on their investments and financing ...

state bank of india (sbi) today reported a 56% increase in consolidated net profit at rs 2,383.66 crore for the third quarter ...

punjab national bank today reported a 26% rise in net profit at rs 541.46 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2007 ...

central bank of india today reported a 49.9% rise in net profit at rs 201.01 crore for the third quarter ended december 2007 when ...

canara bank s open offer for its subsidiary canfin homes has failed to get the targetted response from the ...

max new york life insurance is planning to launch health and pension products by june this year. it also intends to have ...

in line with finance minister p chidambaram s directive to ensure housing to the lower classes, the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

shriram transport finance has reported a net profit of rs 107.10 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2007, as against ...

union bank of india posted a robust 42.58 per cent rise in net profit for the third quarter ended december 31, 2007, at rs 365 ...

bank of rajasthan today posted a 112 per cent increase in net profit to rs 42.15 crore in the quarter ended december 2007 as ...

bangalore-based public sector canara bank today reported a 26.4 per cent rise in net profit to rs 459 crore during the third ...

bank of maharashtra has reported a 35.06 per cent growth its third quarter net profit at rs 100.38 crore compared with rs 74.32 ...

bangiya gramin vikash bank (bgvb), the largest regional rural bank (rrb) of west bengal, is likely to have a positive net worth ...

the state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest bank, has dropped plans to take up the issue of merging the associate banks ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest bank, has bought a 91 per cent stake in global trade finance (gtf), a factoring ...

kerala-based federal bank has opened its first representative office in abu dhabi, which is expected to boost trade-related ...

dena bank posted a net profit of rs 101.07 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2007, up 43.30%, compared to net profit ...

bangalore-based canara bank has posted 26.4% rise in net profit at rs 458.83 crore for the third quarter (q3) ended december 31, ...

the union bank of india has posted 42.7% rise in net profit for the third quarter ended december 2007 at rs 365.02 crore when ...

state bank of india (sbi) plans to set up 1,100 new atms in the bengal circle in the next two years out of which 36 atms will ...

mangalore-based public sector corporation bank today reported a 30 per cent increase in its net profit at rs 190.90 crore for the ...

china s yuan traded near the highest since a dollar peg was scrapped in 2005 on speculation the central bank will use the ...

bangalore-based public sector vijaya bank today reported a 36.82 per cent rise in net profit to rs 126.88 crore during the third ...

the improvement in interest margins, sale of equity, recoveries and commissions helped bank of india (boi)to post a 101 per cent ...

punjab national bank, one of the country s largest banks, is mulling an exit from joint ventures with principal financial group ...

corporation bank today reported a 30% increase in net profit at rs 190.90 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2007 ...

bank of india today reported a 100% increase in net profit at rs 511.89 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2007 when ...

bangalore-based vijaya bank today reported a 36.82% increase in net at rs 126.88 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, ...

the net profit of the centurion bank of punjab (cbop) increased by 44 per cent to rs 48.3 crore in the quarter ended december 31, ...

kotak mahindra bank posted a 123 per cent rise in its net profit to rs 101.6 crore in the quarter ended december 31, 2007 from rs ...

reserve bank of india governor y v reddy today kindled hopes of softer interest rates in the country, saying the monetary and ...

hdfc bank, the second largest private sector bank in the country, posted a 45.2 per cent increase in net profit to rs 429.36 ...

y v reddy, governor, reserve bank of india, today said that though global financial uncertainties were not entirely ...

hdfc bank reported a 45.23% increase in net profit at rs 429.3 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2007 when compared ...

kotak mahindra bank today reported a 114.5% increase in consolidated net profit at rs 363.7 crore for the quarter ended december ...

in a private equity (pe) deal, the state bank of india (sbi), the largest public sector bank of the country, has picked up 7.79 ...

the reserve bank is likely to keep interest rates stable in its monetary policy review later this month in view of the impending ...

icici bank, india s largest private sector bank, today reported a 35 per cent increase in its net profit to rs 1,230 crore in the ...

the interbank call rate shot up to a high of 60 per cent intra-day following a technical delay in payment clearances in the real ...

strong recovery of bad debts fuelled industrial finance corporation of india s (ifci) net profit by 146 per cent to rs 318.94 ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) has recorded an 82.54 per cent rise in net profit to rs 648.93 crore for the third ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $5.474 billion to $281.729 billion for the week ended january 11, according to data released ...

deals in the non banking financial company (nbfc) space is gathering space in the new year. an arm of the government of singapore ...

pragnya, a mauritius-based private equity fund focussed on the real estate market in india, plans to launch its $150-million ...

the yuan snapped a four-day advance on speculation china s central bank is seeking to foster two-way movement in the currency to ...

citigroup, apart from grappling with the write-offs and losses in its consumer banking business in the us, will also have to get ...

the amalgamation of state bank of hyderabad (sbh) with its parent bank, the state bank of india (sbi), looks more feasible now, ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh) reported a 36.72 per cent growth in net profit to rs 135.19 crore for the third quarter ended ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi bank) has posted 38.7 per cent rise in net profit at rs 175.8 crore in the third ...

it s yet another instance of foreign interest in a life insurance company crossing 26 per cent the foreign direct investment ...

the bangalore-based state bank of mysore (sbm) has registered a growth of 29.04 per cent in net profit at rs 70.90 crore for the ...

lic housing finance registered a 38 per cent rise in net profit to rs 106.02 crore in the third quarter ended december 2007 ...

riding on robust interest income, allahabad bank has reported a 27.58 per cent rise in net profit at rs 365.05 crore for the ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic), india s largest life insurance company, today said it plans to consolidate its real ...

life insurance council, the industry body of life insurance companies in india, in its pre-budget memorandum to the union finance ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic), the country s largest life insurance firm, today said it plans to consolidate its real ...

allahabad bank today reported a 28% increase in net profit at rs 365.05 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2007 when ...

a section of employees of the industrial development bank of india (idbi) have proposed to strike work on january 25, ...

citigroup inc posted the biggest loss in the u.s. bank s 196-year history as surging defaults on home loans forced it to write ...

axis bank-promoted axis private equity plans to raise an additional $500 million as it sees an increasing opportunity in the ...

dsp merill lynch managing director monish mahurkar gives his take on the present indian debt market and its future course ...

despite increasing loan disbursements in the last three financial years, the number of farmers who were financed by banks have ...

tata aig life insurance company is looking to maintain triple-digit growth rate it achieved in the last seven months and thereby ...

the life insurance sector is expected to grow by around 30 per cent in this financial year. it had witnessed a growth of 95 per ...

icici venture, the largest domestic private equity fund in the country, has roped in a foreign strategic healthcare investor in ...

the dollar fell for a fourth day against the yen as speculation us retailers failed to boost sales last month increased chances ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest bank, in an attempt to tap a larger chunk of the mass affluent and high net ...

citigroup inc posted the biggest loss in the bank s 196-year history as defaults on home loans forced it to write down the value ...

the board of state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest bank, today approved a 1 5 rights issue at a 35.42 per cent ...

the yuan rose to the highest since a dollar peg was scrapped in 2005 as china pledged to extend efforts to slow the export-led ...

icici bank, the country s biggest private lender, expects overseas business to account for at least one-fourth of its balance ...

the thiruvananthapuram-headquartered state bank of travancore (sbt) posted a net profit of rs 236.91 crore for the nine months ...

punjab national bank plans to spend about rs 8,000 crore on technology in five years. also, by the next fiscal year, the bank ...

the board of directors of dhanalakshmi bank today approved a proposal for a rights issue to raise an aggregate of rs 198.76 ...

national housing bank will be refinancing the banks and housing finance companies (hfcs) to extend reverse mortgage loans to ...

banks propose to seek clarity from the reserve bank of india (rbi) on the risk weights that should apply for reverse mortgage ...

liquidity high comfort levels liquidity continues to remain comfortable although the reserve bank of india announced ...

private life insurance companies are mulling the idea of venturing into health insurance sector by designing comprehensive, ...

sun microsystems india will implement a comprehensive core banking solution (cbs) for thrissur-based catholic syrian bank to help ...

home loan consumers in india may get some good news in the months to come with country s biggest private lender icici bank saying ...

temasek holdings and the government of singapore investment corporation (gic) have requested the government to consider them as ...

indian bank today reported a 61% increase in net profit at rs 307.50 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2007 when ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $696 million to $276.255 billion for the week ended january 4, according to data released by ...

the reserve bank of india is examining the government securities portfolio of both primary dealers and banks, triggered by ...

the indian arm of metlife insurance plans to target the nris in gujarat. since a number of nris in charotar and the kutch region ...

the country s leading housing finance company hdfc s chairman deepak parekh today said he expects the interest rates to soften by ...

foreign banks operating in india want the reserve bank of india (rbi) to prepare a vision document on policy changes they can ...

the yen rose against 15 of the 16 most-active currencies as a decline in asian stocks spurred investors to cut overseas holdings ...

state-owned export credit guarantee corporation (ecgc) of india plans to provide reinsurance support to exports from india for ...

the federal reserve is working hard to communicate more frequently and clearly with the markets. too bad, it has so little to ...

the country s two largest banks, state bank of india (sbi) and icici bank, which had earlier expressed interest to launch full ...

sbi life insurance is expecting to raise an additional rs 200-250 crore by the end of the current fiscal.this was ...

liquidity is expected to remain comfortable in the quarter ended march 2008 as banks have substantial resources (deposits and ...

the reserve bank of india said banks are cornering customer surplus by charging high fees on inter-bank atm transactions ...

china s yuan rose to the highest since a dollar peg was scrapped in 2005 before a report that economists say will show the ...

the kerala-based south indian bank (sib) has posted a growth of 63.93 per cent in net profit for the third quarter of fiscal ...

state bank of india has recorded an increase of rs 490 crore in agriculture gold loans to rs 2,279 crore in the first six months ...

axis bank s net profit rose by 66 per cent to rs 306.83 crore in the quarter ended december 31, 2007 as against rs 184.61 crore ...

liquidity comfort zonethe liquidity continued to remain comfortable due to government expenditure and rbi ...

the reserve bank of india today said the banks are cornering customer surplus by charging high fees on inter-bank atm ...

looking to unlock shareholder value across the group, icici bank will list at least four subsidiaries, and the process could ...

kerala-based south indian bank (sib) today reported a 63.93% increase in net profit at rs 40.72 crore for the third quarter ended ...

axis bank today reported 66.2% surge in net profit for the third quarter ended december 2007 at rs 306.83 crore when compared ...

icra and state bank of mysore (sbm) have signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) under which icra will assign ratings to the ...

hospitality and leisure major mahindra holidays resorts (mhril), part of $4 billion mahindra group, has signed a pre-ipo ...

the yen declined against all the 16 most active currencies on speculation that bank of japan governor toshihiko fukui will signal ...

every time a piece of weak economic news coincides with a new high in oil and gold prices, we read the next day the federal ...

the public sector indian bank is gearing to lure high net worth individuals (hnis) and new generation users by aggressively ...

the increase in exposure to high risk customers (like credit cards) and upward march of interest rates have dented the quality of ...

icici prudential life insurance company on tuesday announced a strategic partnership with thrissur-based south indian bank (sib). ...

allahabad bank inaugurated a training institute for the farmers and the entrepreneurs at near debra at east midnapore, to help ...

state bank of india (sbi) and icici bank have extended their limited period festival offers, providing lower interest rates on ...

the yen fell against 15 of the world s 16 most actively traded currencies as japanese investors sent more money overseas in ...

over the last decade, asian reserve holdings have played a critical role in supporting the dollar and helping finance the current ...

the banking sector will have to wait for another two to three years to see a consolidation (mergers and acquisition) as the ...

the formulation of a foreign direct investment (fdi) policy on credit information bureaus (cibs) has hit a roadblock due to ...

liquidity may tightenliquidity may not be as comfortable as it was last week. even if the foreign exchange inflow ...

the mandatory licensing requirement for indian banks to open branches may be done away with. the department of financial services ...

m d mallya, chairman and managing director, bank of maharashtra (bom), is likely to be the new chairman of bank of baroda ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $2.837 billion to $275.559 billion for the week ended december 28, according to data relased ...

finance minister p chidambaram on friday advised public sector bank chairmen, who met him in new delhi for a first-half review, ...

the increase in overseas borrowing, and merger and acquisitions by indian corporates in 2007 has been a tidy earning opportunity ...

the finance ministry would write to other ministries, urging them to ensure that public sector undertakings stop inviting bids ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest bank by assets, has raised the deposit rates by 25-175 basis points with effect ...

the japanese yen traded near the strongest level in more than a month against the dollar as concern that the global economy will ...

aviva life insurance has introduced three new fund options, index fund, enhancer fund and bond fund, in its products ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is not in favour of encouraging capital outflows to combat surging inflows as it could have the ...

bangalore-based canara bank, the third largest public sector bank, is planning to raise rs 700 crore to augment its capital by ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest bank by assets, has raised deposit rates by 25-175 basis points with effect from ...

long distance transfers of peons and sweepers in the industrial development bank of india (idbi) has created unrest among the ...

strategic alliance between oriental bank of commerce, indian bank, and corporation bank is not progressing as was envisaged, and ...

corporation bank informed the bombay stock exchange on tuesday that its total business had crossed rs 83,000 crore in the ongoing ...

the yuan rose to the strongest since a peg to the dollar was scrapped in july 2005, after the central bank reiterated its pledge ...

a when-issued (wi) market provides a platform whereby market participants can trade in government securities that have been ...

public sector indian bank is set to provide more thrust to meet financial requirements of the urban poor formed as self help ...

bajaj allianz life insurance, a leading private sector life insurance firm, announced that it will be infusing fresh capital of ...

the net claims of overseas investors, including non-resident indians (nris), on india, including debt and equity, rose by $15.50 ...

the new year is likely to bring in good news for borrowers as interest rates on home and consumer loans could decline from the ...

banks want their investments in company shares and debentures, loans and guarantees given to corporates as part of normal ...

reliance banking fund, an open-ended scheme from reliance mutual, topped the returns chart in 2007 in the banking funds ...

the general insurance industry grew 11.60 per cent this financial year till the end of november 2007, with robust performance by ...

the government has set up a high-powered committee to critically review the available estimates of domestic and national savings ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has finally cleared the long-pending transfer of thailand-based surachan chawla s 38 per cent ...

the new year is likely to bring good news for borrowers as interest rates on home and consumer loans could decline from the ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) has sold 7.15 per cent of its stake in hdfc standard life insurance company to its ...

the current account deficit in the quarter ended september 30, 2007 narrowed to $5.5 billion from $6.3 billion a year earlier. ...

in an effort to fight the growing competition and to attract new customers, canara bank on saturday announced a new brand ...

almost all general insurers violated the insurance regulatory and development authority s (irda) regulations on pricing of risks, ...

vijaya bank, celebrating its 1,000th branch opening in bangalore on saturday, introduced a new product v-genuth targeted at ...

union finance minister p chidambaram today said the industrial finance corporation of india (ifci) board of directors has taken ...

close on the heels of the alleged money laundering by farm owner hasan ali khan through switzerland-based bank ubs, europe s ...

state bank of india s (sbi s) two-year-long wait to expand its operations in the united states is set to end with the new york ...

foreign exchange reserves declined $232 million to $272.722 billion during the week ended december 21, according to data released ...

standard chartered has called off the sale of its asset management company business to ubs after the contract with ubs for the ...

icici prudential life insurance company has entered a strategic partnership with e-mitra, the e-governance initiative of the ...

cholamandalam ms general insurance co has entered into a agreement with tata consultancy services (tcs) and cmc ltd to revamp its ...

bangalore-based canara bank has for the second time effected an upward revision in its offer price from rs 63 to rs 78 for each ...

the yuan rose the most since china ended its fixed-exchange rate to the dollar in 2005 as the government signaled faster gains to ...

liquidity in a tight cornerprimary issuances were subdued today as most investors avoided big purchases due to tight ...

amid the rush for bulk deposits in the first few months of 2007, some banks preferred to stay on the sidelines, choosing caution ...

citigroup inc, the biggest us bank, may have to cut its dividend by 40 per cent to preserve capital after writing down more ...

describing its choice as a vote for the future , a distinguished four-member jury selected state bank of india (sbi) chairman om ...

the board of directors of bank of india, which met today, approved a proposal to raise tier-i capital by issuing up to ...

faced with a herculean task of achieving 100 per cent financial inclusion, the state level bankers committee (slbc) is planning ...

sks microfinance private limited is planning to disburse rs 1,500 crore during this fiscal across 15 states in the country as ...

the yen traded near a seven-week low against the dollar on speculation the bank of japan will refrain from raising interest rates ...

it was the first week of march 2007. a top official at the indian banks association (iba) was having a discussion with the then ...

large banks across the country might be crying foul on the recent suggestion of the reserve bank india (rbi) to do away with the ...

domestic fund managers are positive about the prospects of the debt market in 2008 as they anticipate indian interest rates to ...

state bank of india plans to merge all the associate banks with itself by march 2009. this step is to prepare the bank to face ...

be it a stroke of luck or a jinx, the country s oldest financial institution, ifci, will remain single , thanks to all the failed ...

state bank of india plans to merge all the associate banks with itself by march 2009. this step is to position sbi group to be ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today suggested that customers of one bank be allowed free use of atms of other banks, including ...

with at least one member of every family in the state boasting of a bank account, union minister of state for finance, pawan ...

the yen traded near a six-week low against the dollar as asian stocks gained, boosting demand for higher-yielding assets funded ...

riding on the back of new players and increasing penetration, the insurance sector is expected to cross the rs 2,00,000-crore ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has clarified that a company in the structure of hindu undivided family (huf) cannot access ...

the government will soon finalise a reshuffle of top management teams in the country s leading 11 public sector banks (psbs), 10 ...

regulations, competition and mobilisation of deposits in the present economic scenario are the greatest challenges faced by the ...

dena bank has raised rs 125 crore by way of hybrid bonds to augment long term resources and to meet its future capital adequacy ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) has suggested that the reserve bank of india (rbi) will be the right authority ...

foreign exchange reserves declined $599 million to $272.95 billion for the week ended december 14, according to data released by ...

clsa and merrill lynch co are among six investment banks set to arrange state bank of india s $4.2 billion share sale, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has directed banks to undertake corporate social responsibility (csr) initiatives for sustainable ...

the rise in market-determined interest rates has taken its toll on small saving collections. the mop-up in small savings schemes ...

state bank of india (sbi) and coface, a global credit insurance and factoring company headquartered in paris, have been ...

jim brown, head of consumer clients-asia, abn amro bank, spends a lot of time in india nowadays. this country accounts for ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) has directed banks to undertake corporate social responsibility (csr) initiatives for sustainable ...

reliance money, the financial services arm of anil ambani group company, reliance capital, is all set to launch portfolio ...

credit rating agency icra has signed a memorandum of understanding (m0u) with corporation bank to assign ratings to the bank s ...

idbi fortis life insurance company, a joint venture life insurance company promoted by idbi, federal bank and fortis insurance ...

hyderabad-based sks microfinance plans to reach out to 7,000 poor households across kerala by providing them with income ...

chennai-based indian overseas bank is planning to sell around rs 100 crore worth of stressed assets to asset re-construction ...

insurance regulatory development authority of india (irda) has decided to give full pricing freedom to the general insurance ...

deutsche bank has infused rs 2,155 crore into its indian operations. the infusion of rs 1,470 crore will be utilised for ...

anyone leafing through uk newspapers before christmas would have noticed the usual stories about must-have toys, travel chaos, ...

insurance regulatory development authority of india (irda) has decided to give full pricing freedom to general insurance ...

united bank of india (ubi) today launched a child insurance plan, united child solutions in association with tata aig life ...

muthoot exchange company mec , the foreign exchange arm of kerala based rs 1000 crore muthoot group has secured authorised ...

the yen declined against the dollar and euro as speculation the bank of japan will refrain from raising interest rates may prompt ...

gold has been in a bull market since 2000, with the nominal price coming very close to its all time high of $854 a troy ounce, ...

he is a low-profile banker, but the second most influential person after aditya puri in hdfc bank. paresh sukthankar, ...

united bank of india plans to sell non-performing assets (npas) worth rs 100 crore to asset reconstruction company of india by ...

societe generale (socgen), the second largest diversified financial services group in france, has bought out the remaining stake ...

the money mule scam has reached indian shores. banks have noticed instances of fraudsters based overseas, posing as global ...

ifci has fixed rs 107 per share as conversion price for debentures amounting to rs 1,323.99 crore held by creditor banks and ...

the country s first real estate investment trust (reit) like structure promoted by il fs, the il fs - milestone fund-i ...

the issue of private banks not participating in agricultural activities was raised today at the 102th meeting of the state-level ...

the demerger of the stock broking arm, indiabulls securities (isl) from the parent indiabulls financial services (ibfsl) could ...

the yen rose against all but two of the most active currencies as a slump in stock markets prompted the investors to cut holdings ...

good cheer and glad tidings are in short supply in the corridors of the world s central banks. policy makers in the ...

the ministry of micro, small and medium enterprises (msme) has made a proposal to the finance ministry for converting small ...

sbi cards, the second largest issuer of credit cards, has topped the list of complaints from credit cardholders, with the banking ...

global banking powerhouse abn amro, which over a period of time will operate in india under the royal bank of scotland (rbs) ...

ifci, which has received financial bids from three consortia for a 26 per cent stake, is understood to have fixed rs 107 for ...

the global takeover of abn amro bank by a consortium of the royal bank of scotland, belgian-dutch fortis and banco santander is ...

state bank of india (sbi) is planning to introduce a voluntary retirement scheme (vrs) for its subordinate staff in the next ...

in a new year gift to general insurance companies, the insurance regulatory development authority of india (irda) has agreed to ...

punjab national bank (pnb) has received approval from hong kong authorities to open a branch. we will launch the branch ...

crisil has cut the outlook on the long-term debt and fixed deposit programmes of sundaram finance and sundaram home finance to ...

foreign institutional investors (fiis) from now on cannot avail of guarantees (irrevocable payment commitments) from banks for ...

hsbc india would be keen to acquire public sector banks once such acquisitions were permitted by regulations, said naina lal ...

life insurance company max new york life (mnyl) entered into an alliance with anantapur district cooperative central bank (adccb) ...

ing vysya life insurance, a private life insurer in india ranked 9th in the list of 15 private insurers in the country, is ...

hsbc is open to acquiring public sector banks (psbs) in 2009.naina lal kidwai, country manager, hsbc, said the new ...

the yuan rose to the highest since a fixed exchange rate to the dollar ended in 2005 as the us treasury secretary henry paulson ...

small industries development bank of india (sidbi) is planning to set up a joint venture asset reconstruction company (arc) to ...

companies hit by the sudden appreciation of foreign currencies such as swiss franc and yen are finding it difficult to ...

insurers would soon get more flexibility and more number of instruments to invest in. the insurance regulatory development ...

reserve bank of india governor y v reddy today said the 25-basis-point cut in interest rate by the us federal reserve on tuesday ...

canara bank has hiked its offer price to rs 63 a share to the shareholders of can fin homes from rs 58 a share announced in ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest bank, is asking prospective partners for its general insurance foray to pay it ...

vikram pandit, ceo, citigroup, will focus on increasing the profitability of the banking behemoth by ensuring the right cost ...

reserve bank of india governor y v reddy today said that the us fed rate cut was relevant to indian monetary policy but not a ...

the union cabinet today appointed public sector mutual fund managers, unit trust of india mutual fund (uti mf) and state bank of ...

mahabir prasad, minister for micro, small and medium enterprises, today said that reserve bank of india has constituted a working ...

interest rates for the short- to medium-term lending were not likely to come down for the time being, said t s bhattacharyya, the ...

the yen declined against all 16 of the world s most active currencies on speculation that japanese investors will put their ...

so much disappointment in so many quarters over something so expected. go figure. the federal reserve ratified consensus ...

insurance companies have identified rural areas as the next big opportunity. though, according to the irda norms, insurers are ...

state bank of india (sbi) has cut the peak term deposit rate by 25 basispoints (bps) to 8.5 per cent for the second time in ...

interest rates for the short- to medium-term lending are not likely to come down for the time being, said t s ...

il fs investment advisors llc, a 100% subsidiary of il fs investment managers (iiml) announced the initial closure of ...

bancassurance is likely to generate approximately 35% of private insurers premium income by 2008, according to an analysis of ...

strengthening its presence in sri lanka, india s biggest private sector lender icici bank has launched a special scheme of ...

punjab national bank has raised rs 800 crore through private placement bonds under tier i and tier ii series. according ...

the us federal reserve has decided to cut its benchmark interest rate by 25 basis points to 4.25% to prevent the housing ...

the us federal reserve has decided to cut its benchmark interest rate by 25 basis points to 4.25% to prevent the housing slump ...

a decade after the launch of first municipal bonds in india by ahmedabad municipal corporation its rs 1 billion bonds in ...

the yen fell to a one-month low against the dollar and euro as speculation the federal reserve will accelerate interest-rate cuts ...

andhra bank chairman and managing director k ramakrishnan expects the bank to meet its credit growth target of ...

abn amro today announced the appointment of meera sanyal as country executive. her appointment follows the resignation of romesh ...

what do treasury secretary hank paulson, the mortgage industry and investors in securitized loans have in common they have hope ...

standard chartered bank mauritius has received the reserve bank of india approval to acquire 49 per cent stake in uti securities, ...

the lower interest rates charged by the state bank of india (sbi) are contributing to a growth in its home loan portfolio at a ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may soon tighten the norms for foreign exchange derivatives, amid several banks and companies ...

mumbai-based uti mutual fund (uti mf) has entered into a strategic tie-up with citibank for distribution of its ...

the global money markets are seizing dominion over our economic destiny. the scant control that the monetary authorities still ...

the yuan strengthened for a second day ahead of a visit by us treasury secretary henry paulson this week when he s likely to keep ...

a further slowing in credit growth is unlikely as companies may not postpone their capital expenditure plans, according to crisil ...

fitch ratings says that its business is providing the world with independent, timely and prospective credit opinions. judging ...

union bank of india has raised additional capital of rs 600 crore through tier-i and ii bond issues to meet basel ii norms and ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has advised the public not to succumb to the temptation of fictitious offers of large funds ...

ubs ag, europe s largest bank by assets, said it will write down us subprime investments by $10 billion and raise 13 ...

sbi life, the insurance arm of sbi, has forayed into micro-insurance sector with the launch of grameen shakti for the self help ...

corporation bank stands out among the public sector banks mainly because of the stringent and consistent provisioning policy and ...

punjab national bank (pnb) has merged four regional rural banks (rrbs) in uttar pradesh into one state-level rrb called sarva up ...

till a couple of months back, 26-year-old kusum, a tele-caller at a mumbai-based loan recovery agency, would argue with a ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $1.239 billion to $273.52 billion during the week ended november 30, according to data ...

wizard home loans, a joint venture between ge money and wizard international, on thursday made its foray into the hyderabad ...

the yuan fell the most since china ended a fixed exchange rate in 2005, damping speculation that gains would accelerate before a ...

stock market investors, business owners, statisticians, housewives on a budget, job seekers all of us hate not knowing what the ...

fitch ratings today revised the outlook on uco bank s national ratings to negative from stable due to low tier-i capital ...

asian development bank today said it is likely to tap the domestic bond market next year for providing additional finances to the ...

union bank of india, bank of india and japan-based dai-ichi mutual life insurance today floated a life insurance joint venture ...

china s yuan advanced for a second day as the people s bank of china called for more stable currencies and flexible exchange rate ...

small industries development bank of india (sidbi) has stopped providing refinance facility to three financial corporations of ...

the yen rose against the dollar and euro after comments from the us treasury secretary henry paulson failed to revive ...

if you re like me, you ve spent the last few days sorting through the sketchy outline of the us treasury s sub-prime rescue plan ...

hsbc holdings s asia-pacific head sandy flockhart said the subprime credit collapse that cut profit at europe s largest bank this ...

the strong demand for housing and home finance in india are likely to maintain pressure on the real estate prices (read high ...

vikram pandit may soon take on his toughest puzzle since graduate-school professors assigned him an asset-pricing problem even ...

the yen rebounded from a two-week low against the dollar after moody s investors service said it is preparing the biggest ...

federal reserve officials were close to unanimous that they wouldn t need to reduce their 4.5 per cent overnight lending rate ...

bank of rajasthan (bor) will raise rs 166.75 crore through a preferential issue of shares to new york-based hedge fund management ...

fullerton india credit company (ficcl), one of the largest capitalised nbfcs, is targetting a 100% jump in loan disbursements in ...

punjab national bank, the second largest public sector bank, will raise rs 300 crore through private placement of perpetual bonds ...

bank of rajasthan will raise rs 166.75 crore through a preferential issue of shares to new york-based hedge fund management ...

work at state bank of travancore s (sbt) offices and branches is likely to be disrupted on december 3 and 4, owing to a strike ...

pulling the plug on inflated medical insurance claims, the armed forces medical college (afmc), pune has brought out a ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has slashed the priority sector lending (psl) target for urban cooperative banks (ucbs) to 40 per ...

the board of directors of ifci ltd, the troubled term lender which is trying to induct a strategic investor, today approved ...

highlights1. dsas dmas recovery agents to get minimum 100 hours of training.2. recovery agents should call borrowers only from ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $1.133 billion to $272.281 billion during the week ended november 23, according to data ...

state bank of india (sbi) today got a capital boost as its majority shareholder, the central government, decided to subscribe to ...

credit analysis research limited (care) and united bank of india have signed a mou for facilitating bank facility ratings ...

icici bank is talking to the west bengal government to involve with the university of calcutta for starting a banking and ...

bank of india (boi), along with its partners union bank of india and dai-ichi insurance, is likely to infuse around rs 500 crore ...

the life insurance industry, which consists of life insurance corporation of india and 15 private players, has grown by 47.38 per ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today said it planned to come out with separate guidelines for the ...

the chinese yuan gained, approaching the strongest since a link to the dollar was ended in july 2005, on speculation the nation ...

bank of baorda (bob) has put on block non-performing corporate loans worth rs 460 crore to further clean up its books. the public ...

health insurance products from state-owned life insurance corporation of india (lic) are expected to hit the market by ...

k v kamath, ceo, icici bank, has been named businessman of the year for 2007 by forbes asia for his steadiness at steering icici ...

credit information bureau (india), the only operational credit bureau in the country, today introduced generic credit scoring ...

the foreign exchange services (fes) division of centurion bank of punjab limited (cbop) is contemplating forging tie ups with ...

the national bank of agriculture and rural development (nabard) has taken up watershed projects worth rs 300 crore in 25 ...

national housing bank s (nhb) proposal to form rural housing finance arm has found no takers as banks find it financially ...

joint ventures of public sector lenders punjab national bank (pnb) and vijaya bank with the principal financial group are in a ...

the deficit of the indian budget is slowly getting diminished as tax collections are improving every year coupled with better ...

the slowdown in home loan growth would continue in 2007-08, with disbursements expected to grow at only 10 per cent, on the back ...

credit analysis research (care) and united bank of india havesigned an mou for ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has rapped banks for their arbitrary manner of fixing their benchmark prime lending rates ...

finance minister p chidambaram on tuesday reiterated the government will not bring down its stake in state-owned banks below 51 ...

bankers have read the reserve bank of india s (rbi) comments on foreign banks market share in india as an indication that the ...

the small industries development bank of india (sidbi) and the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) have ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said hedge funds posed a risk to financial institutions through their credit exposures in ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbis) prudential measures of increasing risk weight and provisioning requirement have moderated ...

financial conglomerates neither have group-wide oversight mechanisms nor do they follow enterprise-wide risk management ...

state bank of india, uti amc and life insurance corporation will start investing the corpus of the new pension system (nps), ...

y v reddy, governor, reserve bank of india, today said indian banks with overseas presence have insignificant exposure to ...

the motor insurance segment is expected to break-even as rates of premium have gone up in the segment post de-tariffing of the ...

the andhra bank, visakhapatnam zone, is aiming for a 175 per cent growth in advances during the current financial year compared ...

the share of foreign banks as a percentage of the assets of india s banking sector currently stands at around 49 per cent against ...

to counter mounting customer complaints against banks resorting to strong arm tactics to recover loans, bankers have now decided ...

pawan kumar bansal, minister of state for finance, today said indian banks will have to continuously acquire and adapt themselves ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) maintains that new private sector banks and foreign banks, while increasing their share of ...

jean-claude trichet, president of the european central bank, today said efforts to ensure global stability and prevent crises ...

the stiff competition in the financial sector has brought the best out of indian banks in this decade with new private and ...

indian bank, a major public sector bank, is set to open four more microsat (a satellite branch for micro loans) branches in ...

asian currencies such as malaysia s ringgit and south korea s won advanced as the region s share markets rose, easing concerns ...

v leeladhar, deputy governor, reserve bank of india (rbi), today said india has been quite generous and not merely liberal on ...

the country s banking sector will have to explore inorganic growth options in order to face significant challenges emanating ...

the rupee s sharp rally may have cost millions of people their jobs in export-oriented sectors, but the country s billionaires ...

hdfc standard life insurance, the country s private sector life insurer, is planning to dilute over 10 per cent equity through an ...

the life insurance council (lic), the industry body of life insurance companies in india, and the institute of actuaries of india ...

the employees of state bank of india (sbi) is planning to protest against any move by their own bank to acquire any other banks ...

indian bank is set to open four more microsate (a satellite branch for micro loans) branches across the country by the end of ...

reliance mutual fund has formed a partnership with union bank of india and state bank of saurashtra to distribute its products ...

indian corporates have raised around $11.9 billion through overseas borrowing in the first five months of 2007-08, according to ...

the sundicate bank is planning for its third public offering, by the end of this fiscal.speaking at a press meet, k ...

development credit bank ltd (dcb), one of the fast emerging private sector banks in india, is planning to open 75 new branches in ...

the centurion bank of punjab (cbop) has earmarked about rs 1,200 crore for the the agriculture sector in the states of the north. ...

the agriculture insurance company of india (aic) has announced the insurance payout for coffee growers under the rainfall ...

r m malla has taken charge of small industries development bank of india (sidbi) at a time when its traditional role as a ...

there have been numerous commentaries in the media and many research reports advocating for interest rate cuts in the economy to ...

united india insurance company (united india) has selected, hewlett-packard (hp) to implement a complete pre-packaged solution ...

adopting a consumer-friendly, it-savvy face, the nationalised syndicate bank has taken up networking of the remaining 7 per ...

the lic housing finance ltd s wholly owned subsidiary, lichfl care homes ltd, plans to open its second assisted living community ...

when the mortgage lender northern rock plc collapsed in september, and caused the first run on a bank in a developed country in ...

the rupee will rise more than 6 per cent by the end of 2008 as the pace of economic growth keeps luring overseas funds, according ...

public sector lenders punjab sind bank (psb) and united bank of india (ubi) are likely to pick up a stake in development ...

max new york life insurance co ltd, one of india s leading insurance companies, is set to expand its customer base in uttar ...

the all-india insurance employee s association (aiea) has demanded that the four public sector general insurance companies ...

andhra bank has signed an mou with legal and general group plc of uk and bank of baroda to form a joint venture (jv) for life ...

the banking regulator, reserve bank of india, has warned the country s largest private sector bank of stern action in case ...

bank of baroda (bob) chairman and managing director anil khandelwal said today the bank s credit growth in october and november ...

the barclays group proposes to merge the non-banking finance company (nbfc), rank investments and credits (india), with barclays ...

the hinduja group is planning to enter the financial services space in india with a bang. apart from plans to set up life ...

icici ceo k v kamath today warned that the rupee would strengthen by 1 or 2 against the dollar each year, irrespective of ...

the group of 20 nations called on asian countries to allow their currencies to appreciate faster as european and canadian policy ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) is in another legal soup, this time on overcharging of fees for assignment of insurance ...

ge money india, a subsidiary of the world s largest non-banking finance company (nbfc) ge capital corporation, has stopped ...

the us sub-prime crisis could last another 6-9 months following which the growth in the us economy could pick up, said anjan ...

south indian bank ( sib) plans to open one more core banking branch in mangalore shortly, in addition to the existing one and ...

state bank of india (sbi) is close to getting government approval for its proposed rights issue to raise funds for greater risk ...

ing investment management india has launched a real estate fund, ing global real estate fund, which will open on november 20 and ...

uk s standard chartered, the largest foreign bank in india, is being courted by three of china s state-run banks for a ...

lic housing finance (lichfl), the housing finance arm of lic of india, is planning to raise fresh capital of rs 400 crore through ...

the rupee is expected to strengthen irrespective of whatever we do, and it would be appropriate to plan for a strong rupee, icici ...

andhra bank has signed an agreement with british insurer legal and general and bank of baroda to form a life insurance ...

metlife india insurance company will be infusing rs 119 crore by december-end for meeting the solvency requirements and expanding ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority of india (irda) has increased the obligations of insurance companies towards ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today lent rs 30,655 crore to banks for three days to enable them to meet their cash reserve ...

a reserve bank of india (rbi) panel has recommended the introduction of trading in currency futures to enable market participants ...

a reserve bank of india (rbi) panel has recommended introduction of trading in currency futures, to enable market participants to ...

the united bank of india has reported a net profit of rs 232.50 crore, up 43.4% for the half year ended september 30, 2007, as ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $3.663 billion to $270.181 billion for the week ended november 9, according to data released ...

chennai-based indian bank is gearing up to further its financial inclusion initiatives and increase penetration into rural areas. ...

swaraj krishnan is the new ceo of bajaj allianz general insurance company. prior to this posting, krishnan was general ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked associate banking entities of state bank of india to set up a panel of directors to ...

state-run banks, state bank of india and canara bank, today said interest rates are expected to remain stable to soft in the near ...

indian banks are in the process of reviewing their exposures to derivatives contracts entered into with foreign banks as ...

loan books of indian banks with significant international operations grew sizeably in the first six months of 2007-08, despite a ...

icici venture, a subsidiary of icici bank, is acquiring a 25% stake in hyderabad-based karvy stock broking (ksbl) for rs 500 ...

icici group s eastern regional hub for back office operations, coming up at chandaka industrial estate in bhubaneswar, will be ...

the insurance regulatory development authority of india (irda) has increased the specified obligations of insurance companies to ...

bank of baroda (bob) today announced plans to raise rs 2,000 crore by february 2008 to meet basel-ii norms. the bank also ...

public sector banks state bank of india (sbi) and canara bank are expected interest rates to remain soft and stable in the near ...

barclays plc, uk s third-biggest bank, will write down about 1.3 billion pounds ($2.7 billion) on credit-related securities tied ...

despite detariffing affecting the insurance industry, cholamandalam ms general insurance is expecting to touch the one million ...

kolkata-based uco bank is expecting a response from the union government on its capital restructuring plan by the end of this ...

finance minister p chidambaram today asked state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest bank, to step up efforts for bringing ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) today announced the establishment of a $1.5 billion medium term note (mtn) ...

the finance ministry is likely to reject a plea by banks to tone down credit growth targets for this financial year as the ...

the government is again on the lookout for senior management in state-run banks and will conduct interviews next week for ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has been forced to intervene to ensure fair and efficient growth of the financial sector despite ...

shriram transport finance (stf), a niche player in the commercial vehicle financing segment, today said it would raise rs 384 ...

when the federal reserve talks about the risks to the economy, be it slower growth or higher inflation, it s usually an either or ...

the government may infuse about rs 10,000 crore as equity capital in nationalised banks in addition to an identical amount in the ...

icici bank, the largest retail lender in the country, has extended its festive offer of low interest rates on retail loans in ...

icici bank, the largest retail lender, has extended its festival offers on retail loans as it strives to meet its expected retail ...

idbi has reduced interest rates on some of its term deposits with effect from november 12.the interest on its 360-day ...

us-based middle market focussed investment bank jefferies group, which opened its representative office in new delhi last month, ...

the yen strengthened against all 16 of the most-traded currencies, rising beyond 110 per dollar for the first time in 1 1 2 ...

central banks from bogota to mumbai are imposing foreign-exchange curbs to take control of their soaring currencies from traders ...

the appreciation of the japanese yen beyond 110 a dollar is set to worry indian companies, which have borrowed in the japanese ...

it is not just textile and garment exporters that are bearing the brunt of the rising rupee. banks are sensing warning signals of ...

bangalore based ing vysya bank has fixed its issue price for the qualified institution placement (qip) at rs 310 (a premium of rs ...

the case of a demand draft being stolen and produced for its encashment at the state bank of india s (sbi) branch at kolhapur has ...

union bank of india will add 1,200 personnel, close to 5 per cent of its existing employee strength, in specialist functions such ...

domestic financial institutions such as banks and insurance companies have evinced interest to participate in the equity ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest bank, and canara bank, the third-largest public sector bank, have rid their ...

festival offers have failed to bring cheer to retail bankers while higher interest rates and the likely peaking of the investment ...

asian companies are more likely to default next year as borrowing costs rise, and the region s stocks may fall because they are ...

reliance money has just tied up with corporation bank to offer broking services for the bank s customers. it has also waived the ...

companies may not get a significant reduction on their premiums when the insurance regulatory development authority of india ...

the bank of england (boe) kept its benchmark interest rate unchanged at a six-year high, with policymakers resisting calls for a ...

icici bank, the country s largest private sector lender, has pressed the pause button on its rural growth strategy following ...

tight liquidity conditions and outflow of around rs 16,000-17,000 crore towards the crr hike with effect from november 10 led to ...

this is yet another story of carry trade in a foreign currency that would severely impact the balance sheet of the indian ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will further open up the indian debt market to foreign investors only after there is an efficient ...

in a measure to combat excess liquidity, the government today revised the ceiling on the market stabilisation scheme (mss) to rs ...

the indian corporate bond market with gradual pace of reforms may see a roughly a four-fold rise in size about $ 1.5 trillion by ...

the creditor banks and insurance companies of ifci have toughened their stand against the troubled term lender s proposal on ...

the country s largest two banks, state bank of india (sbi) and icici bank, may have to shelve plans to set up intermediate ...

indian banking association (iba) has asked banks to follow the industry code of conduct with regard to collection of bad ...

punjab national bank today launched signature based debit cards for account holders, which can be utilised for e-commerce and at ...

for a while, it looked as if the initial public offer of alibaba.com in hong kong would end up becoming open sesame for the ...

close on the heels of state bank of india, icici bank, the country s second-largest lender, today cut interest rates on its ...

the government will prepare guidelines for appointments to the post of rbi deputy governor. the decision to this effect was taken ...

concerned over the high level of defaults in the project finance portfolio of banks, the reserve bank of india (rbi), has asked ...

close on heels of state bank of india, icici bank, the country s second largest bank today cut interest rates on its special ...

the hong kong and shanghai banking corporation ltd (hsbc) is mulling the launch of a financial package that may include a ...

finance minister p chidambaram today said indian companies have to learn to live with a rising rupee. the indian currency would ...

the delhi consumer commission fined icici bank a whopping fine of rs 50 lakh for employing goons to recover loan and deplored ...

the government is likely to soon review the borrowing limit under the market stabilisation scheme (mss), a senior finance ...

comparisons are inevitable when india s exchange reserves position is juxtaposed against the chinese. china is the world s ...

citigroup inc chairman and chief executive officer (ceo) charles prince, beset by the company s billions of dollars in losses ...

reserve bank of india governor y v reddy has said administered rates distort the interest rate structure and blunts the efficacy ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $1.307 billion to $262.45 billion for the week endeded october 26, according to data released ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has extended the fit and proper guidelines to individuals elected as directors on boards of ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) has registered a decline in first year premium by 47 per cent in september this year ...

shortly after the country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) announced its foray into the reverse mortgage loan market, ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, has decided to cut its peak interest rate offered on the 550-day deposit ...

state bank of india (sbi) today announced a revision in interest rates on domestic term deposits.the bank will now pay ...

k v kamath, managing director and ceo, icici bank, today said there is a need for correction in interest rates to ...

the federal open market committee (fomc) decided on october 31 to cut the federal funds rate by 25 basis points to 4.5 per cent. ...

us treasury secretary henry paulson happened to be in mumbai when the sensex crossed 20,000 for the first time. paulson s ...

the practices by banks for increasing housing loan interest rates for existing borrowers could be in for a complete overhaul, ...

india s largest foreign bank standard chartered is waiting for 2009, when the banking sector will be fully opened up for foreign ...

mumbai-based bank of baroda (bob) has posted a 13.5 per cent rise in net profit for the second quarter of 2007-08 on the back of ...

central bank of india has posted a marginal 3.26 per cent growth in net profit at rs 222 crore for the first half (h1) ended ...

lesser than expected growth in credit offtake and higher cost of funds has resulted in canara bank posting just 11 per cent ...

backed by robust growth in commissions, fee and interest income, bank of baroda (bob) today reported a 13.46% increase in net ...

the reserve bank of india today kept key policy rates unchanged but increased the cash reserve ratio (crr) on continued inflation ...

bank of baroda (bob) is planning to open four new branches in maharashtra and goa zone by november 2007 and is eyeing a business ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) has decided to sell 26 per cent stake in hdfc general insurance (hgicl) to ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has formulated a scheme to extend financial assistance to ...

rbi governor y v reddy says raising the retail prices of oil may push the headline inflation to 5 per cent. excerpts from ...

industry bodies ficci, cii, assocham, phdcci and fieo today gave a mixed reaction to the 50 basis point increase in cash reserve ...

finance minister p chidambaram today supported the hike in cash reserve ratio (crr) by the reserve bank of india (rbi) terming it ...

y v reddy, governor, reserve bank of india (rbi), said the central bank is not expecting any domestic shocks, and agriculture is ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) today retained the gdp growth forecast at 8.5% during 2007-08, assuming no further escalation in ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) today dashed hopes of interest rates easing in the near future as it hiked the cash reserve ratio ...

the board of directors of yes bank today approved a proposal to issue 1.47 crore equity shares on a preferential basis to orient ...

echoing concerns raised by finance minister p chidambaram on massive capital flows into the country, reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is unlikely to change the policy rates the repo and reverse repo rates in its mid-term review ...

germany s ergo insurance group, which is part of reinsurance major munich re, is buying 26 per cent stake in hdfc s general ...

the karur vysya bank (kvb) reported 2 per cent increase in net profit to rs 43.41 crore in the second quarter ended september 30 ...

mumbai-based bank of india s net profit doubled in the second quarter of 2007-08 on the back of a robust growth in fee income and ...

indian overseas bank (iob) saw its profit rise 28 per cent in the second quarter ended september 30, 2007, to rs 319.70 crore ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) has recorded a rise of 76 per cent in net profit to rs 646.39 crore for the second ...

squeeze in net interest margin saw punjab national bank post a modest 6.6 per cent increase in net profit at rs 538 crore in the ...

punjab national bank has recorded 6.6% increase in net profit at rs 538 crore in the july-september quarter of 2007-08 (q2fy08) ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) today reported a 24% decline in net profit at rs 236 crore for the second quarter ended september ...

bank of india today reported 100.5% rise in net profit for the second quarter ended september 2007 at rs 425.27 crore when ...

indian overseas bank today reported 29% rise in net profit to rs 319.70 crore for the second quarter ended september 2007 as ...

the jammu kashmir bank today reported almost 30% rise in net profit of rs 107.80 crore for the quarter ended on september ...

the government is likely to take a decision on public sector lender state bank of india s proposed plan to raise about rs 18,000 ...

the finance ministry is likely to decide on reviewing the credit targets of public sector banks (psbs) for this financial year ...

banks have asked for an exemption of statutory requirements such as the cash reserve ratio (crr) and the statutory liquidity ...

in another attempt to utilise foreign exchange reserves, the union government has decided to retire the entire amount of debt ...

the surging capital inflows continue to pose a policy challenge for the reserve bank of india (rbi) as it undertakes its mid-term ...

backed by robust growth in sale of investments and commissions, state bank of india has posted a 36 per cent growth in its net ...

he is a worried man now. as the head of recoveries at a bank that s among the active players in the small personal loans ...

backed by robust growth in sale of investments and commissions, state bank of india has posted a 36% growth of rs 1,611.42 crore ...

mumbai-based dena bank has recorded an increase of 34.04% in net profit at rs 92.15 crore for the second quarter ended september ...

corporation bank today reported a 27% increase in net profit at rs 161.38 crore for the quarter ended spetember 30, 2007 when ...

manipal-headquartered public sector syndicate bank has failed to meet its own expectations for the second quarter ended september ...

kotak mahindra bank s net profit increased by 117 per cent to rs 75.4 crore in the second quarter ended september, 2007 from rs ...

financial planning standards board india (fpsbi), an umbrella body representing mutual funds, banks and insurance companies, has ...

industrial finance corporation of india (ifci), in less than a fortnight, has revised downwards the coupon it would offer on 70 ...

life insurance agents from india are moving fast into the realm of global insurance. the total number of indian agents ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may opt for a 25 basis point cut in the repo rate, to prop sagging demand in the interest ...

kotak mahindra bank has posted a more than two-fold (156%) rise in consolidated net profit at rs 241.45 crore for the quarter ...

federal bank, one of the leading private sector banks of the country, will go for a rights issue beginning november 12 and ending ...

syndicate bank has posted an increase of 11% in net profit at rs 227.58 crore for the quarter ended september 2007, (q2fy08) when ...

andhra bank today announced a 3.2% rise in net profit at rs 151.21 crore for the quarter ended september 2007 (q2fy08), as ...

federal bank has posted a net profit of rs 95.30 crore for the quarter ended september 2007, registering an increase of 37% from ...

after nearly three quarters of generosity , banks are now facing pressure to reduce deposit rates. most face a margin squeeze ...

shriram transport finance company has posted a 108.5 per cent rise in net profit at rs 95.93 crore for the quarter ended ...

bank of rajasthan will issue 1 crore equity shares on preferential basis to indus capital partners llc (6.5 million shares) and ...

in a bid to give the much-needed fillip to the ailing agriculture sector, thiruvananthapuram-based state bank of travancore (sbt) ...

future generali, a joint venture between kishore biyani s future group and italy s assicurazioni generali, has begun operations ...

union bank of india posted a 42.27 per cent growth in net profit for the second quarter in fy08 on the back of the strong growth ...

pune-based bank of maharashtra has posted 47.57 per cent rise in net profit for the second quarter of fy08 on the back of robust ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked all banks and their call centres along with direct selling agents (dsas) and direct ...

poor credit offtake, drop in net interest income and higher cost of deposits have impacted vijaya bank s net profit as it grew ...

after selling the advisory services business, ashok wadhwa, partner and ceo, ambit corporate finance, recently announced ...

the government might issue securities to state bank of india (sbi) instead of paying cash for subscribing to the bank s proposed ...

availability of instruments for banks to transfer risks to other banks and leveraged investors has translated into fewer ...

bangalore-based vijaya bank has posted a net profit of rs 105.25 crore for the quarter ended september 30, 2007 - a 3% increase ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked banks and their call centres to regsiter as telemarketers alongwith direct selling ...

mumbai-based union bank of india has posted a 42.03% increase in net profit at rs 275.78 crore during the second quarter of ...

the backdrop of rbi s october 30 monetary policy is a relatively benign macro-environment. managing dollar inflows remains the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is in the process of reviewing the guidelines issued on the code of conduct for outsourcing of ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh), the largest associate bank of the state bank of india, has posted a 10.6 per cent growth in net ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has decided against the introduction of differentiated bank licensing system, which would have ...

bangalore-based vijaya bank is likely to firm up its insurance venture by december. the public sector bank, which recently ...

buoyed by high growth in loans and a significant reduction in non-performing assets (npas), lic housing finance (lichf) has ...

kotak mahindra bank today announced the launch of its salary 2 wealth account, which is touted as a comprehensive product to ...

lic housing finance company has posted a 53.16% rise in net profit at rs 116.37 crore for the second quarter ending september ...

the reserve bank of india will be the regulatory authority for currency futures trading, the draft guidelines for which will be ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority of india (irda) has observed that the proportion of unit-linked products has ...

with a majority of the nationalised and private sector banks going in for cuts in their lending rate on home loans and others ...

in a move to bring more transparency into the pricing of loans, the reserve bank of india in its pre-credit policy meeting has ...

icici bank s three-year-long wait to open a branch in the us has finally ended, with the federal reserve board approving its ...

the us federal reserve has granted permission to icici bank, the second largest financial lender in india with assets over $91 ...

the state bank of india (sbi), which has just launched two new products, the sbi reverse mortgage loan and the sbi home cash in ...

kotak life insurance has charted out strategies to focus on a deeper penetration in kerala for a larger share of the insurance ...

icici bank, the country s second largest bank, has reported 33 per cent increase in net profit in the quarter ended september 30, ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $5.356 billion to $256.686 billion for the week ended october 12, according to data released ...

icici bank, the country s second largest lender, today reported a 33% rise in net profit for the second quarter of 2007-08 at rs ...

the board of directors of icici bank, which met today, has promoted deputy managing director chanda kochhar as joint managing ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) has, for the time being, decided against the introduction of a differentiated bank licencing system, ...

the state bank of mysore (sbm), the bangalore-based associate bank of state bank of india (sbi) has posted a 53.50% rise in its ...

reserve bank of india governor yaga venugopal reddy said that increasing inflationary pressures and volatility in the global ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) has put the proposal of introducing sub-investment grade bonds in the corporate ...

the net interest margin of punjab national bank is currently at 3.82 per cent compared to 4.07 per cent in march, chairman and ...

amid concerns over suicides by debt-ridden farmers, rbi governor y v reddy has said the problem goes beyond credit , and blamed ...

forty-one branches of vijaya bank, spread over 10 districts in the vijayawada region, registered a business of rs 1,433 crore as ...

indonesia s rupiah fell the most in three weeks on concerns that record high oil prices will slow growth and fan inflation, ...

rabo india finance (rif) plans to concentrate on fee-generating businesses, aiming to scale up its share to 40 per cent of its ...

the rupee is expected to be volatile in the near term in wake of the proposed restrictions on participatory notes, but it will ...

yes bank, the newest private sector bank, today reported a 110 per cent year-on-year increase in net profit in the quarter ended ...

rising credit and better cost efficiency bolstered allahabad bank s net profit by 14.16 per cent to rs 239.78 crore in the ...

the number of high net worth individuals (hnis) in india grew by 20 per cent to 100,000 in 2006. of the 100,000 hnis in india, an ...

bank of india (boi) has lent $200 million to tata steel uk, tata steel s special purpose vehicle for the corus acquisition, to ...

the rupee is expected to be volatile in the short term in the wake of the proposed restrictions on investments by overseas ...

yes bank, the newest private sector bank, today reported a 110% year-on-year increase in its net profit in the quarter ended ...

allahabad bank has recorded a net profit of rs 239.78 crore for the quarter ended september 2007, a 14.16% rise from rs 210.03 ...

the rupee was off lows against the dollar in afternoon trades after finance minister p chidambaram s comments that the government ...

the us dollar remains the world s most accepted currency despite the growing acceptance of the euro - since its inception in 1999 ...

s s tarapore, the former deputy governor of the reserve bank of india (rbi), has said any premature policy signals for lowering ...

global financial services player merrill lynch has bought a five per cent stake in religare enterprises, a delhi-based financial ...

max new york life insurance company is scaling up its business operations to be among the top four life insurers in the country. ...

the industrial development bank of india posted 12 per cent increase in net profit at rs 156 crore in the quarter ended september ...

s s tarapore, former deputy governor, reserve bank of india (rbi), has said any premature policy signals for lowering of interest ...

canara bank today announced it will lower interest rates on new personal and automobile loans by 50 basis points and 25 basis ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) today reported a net profit of rs 155.50 crore for the second quarter ended september ...

bank of america (boa) today announced an infusion of $83 million (rs 330 crore) in its india operations. the capital ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) has cut floating interest rate on new home loans by 50 basis points to 10.5 per cent. ...

industrial finance corporation of india (ifci) will be offering options to 30 banks and financial institutions to convert less ...

ifci, a term-lending institution which is now classified as a non-banking finance company, today reported a four-fold rise in its ...

axis bank has decided to set up a wholly owned subsidiary to enter the asset management business and will soon approach the ...

uco bank posted a 50.05 per cent rise in net profit at rs 243.40 crore for the half year ended september 2007 from rs 162.21 ...

indian bank reported a 46.34 per cent growth in net profit at rs 247.60 crore in the september 2007 quarter on the back of higher ...

goldman sachs group inc, the world s largest securities firm by market value, raised its three-month forecasts on six asian ...

srei infrastructure finance, the kolkata-based infrastructure finance company, will raise rs 250 crore through by issuing 2.5 ...

buoyed by an unprecedented rally on the indian stock markets, icici bank expects, on an average, a surge of 65-70 per cent in its ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) has cut floating interest rate on new home loans by 50 basis points to 10.5%. it has ...

axis bank today announced a 60.5% surge in q2 net profit of rs 227.82 crore for the quarter ended september 2007, as against rs ...

axis bank today informed the bse that its board of directors have agreed to setting up a mutual fund, besides incorporating two ...

stocks are likely to be volatile, but corporate earnings, which get into a full swing this week with heavyweight reliance ...

interest rate reductions by state bank of india (sbi) and icici bank notwithstanding, other banks feel a cut in lending rates ...

feeling the heat of competition, bank of baroda (bob) has cut the interest rates on new home loans for the second time in just 45 ...

hdfc bank, the second largest private sector bank, today reported a 40 per cent increase in its net profit in the quarter ended ...

icici bank, the country s second-largest bank, today reduced interest rates on its special deposit scheme by 50 basis points to 9 ...

icici bank, the country s second-largest bank, today reduced interest rates on its special deposit scheme by 50 basis points to ...

hdfc bank, the second largest private sector bank, today reported 40% increase in its net profit for the second quarter ended ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $3.568 billion to $251.330 billion during the week ended october 5, according to the weekly ...

citigroup s embattled chairman and chief executive, charles o. prince iii, announced a major reorganisation and management ...

as the festive season starts bankers in gujarat expect to witness momentum in the home loan business segment bringing back the ...

predicting the sensex, india s key equity index, is an activity best left to day traders, chartists and talking heads on 24-hour ...

improved infrastructure is critical if india has to achieve an economic growth rate of 10 to 11 per cent, asian development bank ...

the international monetary fund, drawing on lessons from the asian financial crisis a decade ago, warned developing countries ...

there has been a reversal in the credit quality of indian corporates in the six months to september 2007, after five years of ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) is in discussions with the andhra pradesh government to launch a girl child protection ...

state-owned punjab national bank (pnb) may reduce deposit rates shortly. the bank now pays a maximum 8.75% interest on deposits. ...

yes bank will act as financial consultant for the punjab state agricultural marketing board in selecting players to set up ...

bankers are trying hard to increase the credit-deposit ratio (cdr) in gujarat and have succeeded in maintaining a high cdr across ...

state bank of india is planning to open 10,000-15,000 automated teller machines over the next three years, said s k sehgal, ...

thrissur-based south indian bank (sib) has registered 90 per cent growth in net profit for the second quarter ended september 30 ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) recently asked banks to treat instances where companies do not credit the sale proceeds from ...

the spot rupee touched a new nine-year high of 39.31 3150 at close today following heavy foreign fund inflows into the equity ...

the institute of economic growth (ieg), an economic think thank, has said that inflation rate may increase in the coming month, ...

global rating agency standard and poor s today said that in the short run, the political uncertainty and a possible delay to ...

state bank of india (sbi) will be rolling out sbi reverse mortgage loan, a product for senior citizens, above the age of 60 years ...

state bank of india (sbi) today announced a reduction in interest rates on various retail loans as well as loans for transport ...

south indian bank (sib) today reported a 90% increase in net profit for the half year ended 30 september, 2007 at rs 35.69 crore ...

state bank of india (sbi) will launch a new product - sbi reverse mortgage loan - for the benefit of senior citizens on october ...

with the sensex attaining new heights everyday, ceo s getting salaries like never before, property prices soaring amidst a real ...

the largest public sector bank of the country, the state bank of india, today adopted majhdaha village in nadia district of west ...

finance secretary d subba rao today said authorities might struggle to maintain exchange rate stability after record equity ...

infrastructure development finance company (idfc), an investor in public works, is interested in ifci, competing with the ...

suresh gurumani is spearheading barclays bank s retail business since its launch five months ago. he moved to barclays ...

the centre has agreed to subscribe to the equity shares of state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest bank, to help meet ...

although banking shares have recovered over the past month along with the equity markets, they have mostly underperformed in ...

reliance life insurance, one of the leading life insurance players in india, will invest rs 1000-1200 crore in 2-3 years to ...

global ratings agency standard poor s (s p) expects india s growth to slow to 8.6 per cent in 2007-08 on the back of ...

state bank of india (sbi) is in talks with 5 to 6 private companies for its general insurance venture.the tie-up should ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) has increased its stake in hdfc asset managment company (hdfc amc - the investment ...

the growth in sectors such as information technology, telecommunication, tourism, banking and insurance has pushed up credit ...

the supreme court has referred for arbitration the row between citibank and the british life style and travel company, tlc ...

reddy expressed concerns regarding private equity flows while dwelling on the issue of setting up a currency stabilisation fund ...

public sector uco bank is planning a follow-on public offer (fpo) of shares to raise rs 200-250 crore in the first half of the ...

ing vysya bank is planning to raise rs 350 crore as fresh capital through a qualified institutional placement to fund its growth ...

after raising rs 20.28 crore from larsen toubro through a preferential issue of 12 lakh shares a few months ago, kumbakonam ...

yes bank today announced that it has raised rs182 crore ($45.5 million) of upper ...

kolkata based, uco bank is likely to come out with a follow-on public offer in the last quarter of the current fiscal or the ...

the commerce industry minister kamal nath said that indian banks should revamp their rural credit strategy for the benefit ...

y v reddy, governor, reserve bank of india, today said that india is vulnerable to various international shocks as well as ...

in order to keep a check on indiscriminate non-disclosure fee charged by insurance companies, general insurance council, the ...

the government should consider having a golden share to retain control over the public sector banks, while allowing them to ...

mangalore-headquartered private sector karnataka bank will raise rs 140 crore by divesting 4.99 per cent equity stake to ...

this festive season your dream home may just be within your reach. the slowdown in retail asset growth and competitive pressure ...

unbridled lending to subprime borrowers by banks in the past few years is now biting. the loan-loss ratio in loan portfolios in ...

the vehicle owner will soon get relief from the long queues in front of the rto offices as the public sector bank, bank of baroda ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) is all set to file its standalone health insurance product with the insurance ...

the removal of tariffs would result in health insurance becoming the second-largest business for general insurance companies over ...

milan-headquartered pioneer investments signed a joint venture agreement with bank of baroda (bob) to buy a 51 per cent stake in ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india, may consider lowering lending rates for certain loan products in its next ...

ing vysya bank is planning to raise equity capital by way of private placements to qualified institutional buyers (qibs) and ...

the country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) may consider lowering lending rates for certain loan products in its next ...

bank of baroda (bob), which is planning to provide value-added services for increasing fee-based income, is considering ...

life insurance corporation (lic) is in the process of filing a health insurance product with the insurance regulatory and ...

the board of directors of karnataka bank, at its meeting today, approved a proposal to issue 63,73,000 equity shares of rs 10 ...

bank of baroda (bob) and italy-based pioneer investments, an asset management company (amc), signed a joint venture agreement ...

o p bhatt, chairman, state bank of india (sbi), today indicated that the bank may consider reducing interest rates on certain ...

bank of india (boi) may float a follow-on public issue to raise fresh equity and dilute 5% of government equity, chairman and ...

china and india are the two awakening giants in the asia-pacific region with their strong growth potential. their low ...

companies are substituting working capital loans from banks with short-term funds raised through the issue of commercial papers ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked banks to review their loan recovery practices following recent instances of deaths, ...

bankers today pleaded with the reserve bank of india (rbi) against raising the cash reserve ratio (crr) further to suck out ...

faced with a slowdown in credit and deposit growth in the first six months of 2007-08, many public sector banks such as punjab ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today rapped banks for selling non-performing assets (npas) at prices below the value of ...

the government today raised the limit on the market stabilisation scheme (mss) to rs 2,00,000 crore, easing pressure on the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has proposed a range of measures including sectoral ceilings and lock-in for investments by ...

faced with a slowdown in credit and deposit growth in the first six months of 2007-08, many public sector banks like punjab ...

the rupee hit an intra-day high of 39.35 $ in noon trades.the rupee was quoted at 39.37 $ at 1410 hrs.

yv reddy, the rbi governor, is meeting the top bankers today to discuss policy issues ahead of its monetary policy review ...

former federal reserve chairman alan greenspan said that there will be some rethinking of collateralized debt obligations after ...

icici prudential life insurance company has launched biometric smart cards to enable their rural policyholders to pay their ...

a week after hdfc reduced housing loan rates, canara bank has also cut the rate of interest on housing loans by 50 basis points ...

as far as the world s biggest bond investors are concerned, the federal reserve is failing to restore confidence in the us credit ...

icici bank, the country s second largest bank, is raising $500 million of one-year funds through the issue of commercial papers ...

the interest rates on deposits continue to be high despite ample liquidity due to monetary policy uncertainty and expectations ...

the reserve bank of india should cut interest rates in the wake of inflation touching a five-year low, industry body assocham ...

india s rupee may extend gains to 37 versus the dollar, the highest in more than a decade by march, the associated chambers of ...

after dealing with the current liquidity crunch, the focus of policy makers will shift to the economic impact, future growth ...

as bidders line up to buy 26 per cent equity in industrial finance corporation of india (ifci), they will have to keep an eye on ...

just a week after hdfc bank reduced housing loan rates, canara bank has also reduced the rate of interest on housing loans by 50 ...

the balasore co-operative urban bank (bcub), which was running in loss till a year ago, has registered significant growth in all ...

against the backdrop of zooming real estate prices, the government of assam today signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with ...

singapore has agreed to allow the state bank of india and icici bank to launch full banking operations in the south-east asian ...

claiming that no bank in the world could match it in quick decision making, state bank of india today said it cleared a $1 ...

the us-based private equity fund newbridge capital has opted out of the race to acquire a strategic stake in the country s oldest ...

indian bank expects to achieve a credit growth of 25 per cent and a deposit growth 20 per cent in the current financial year to ...

bank of baroda (bob) has decided to set up a dedicated micro finance division for furthering its aim to develop rural heartlands ...

icici prudential life insurance company has launched the biometric smart cards for their rural policyholders to pay ...

claiming that no bank in the world could match its speed in decision making, o p bhatt, chairman, state bank of india (sbi), ...

more american homeowners are missing mortgage payments, pushing defaults on privately insured home loans up 30 per cent last ...

sales of securities backed by assets, including mortgages, may shrink by as much as 50 per cent in europe next year because the ...

public sector banks (psbs) depend excessively on their interest income compared to their peers in the private sector as their ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has allowed germany s deutsche bank to set up a non-banking finance company (nbfc) to undertake ...

kolkata-based uco bank is planning to reduce its rs 800 crore equity base by converting a part of it into preference shares. if ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest public sector bank, will finalise a partner for its proposed general insurance ...

india s forex market may be minuscule when compared with developed economies such as the us and the uk, but government efforts to ...

state bank of india (sbi) has not set any timeframe for the merger of its associates with itself. while the progress of the ...

citigroup inc and ubs ag, the largest banks in the us and europe, said writedowns sparked by the us subprime mortgage meltdown ...

karnataka bank is planning to raise fresh capital to augment its capital adequacy ratio and fund its expansion plans.the ...

life insurance company max new york life (mnyl) and the district cooperative central bank limited (dccb) of mahabubnagar in ...

the delhi state consumer commission has slapped a penalty of rs 1 lakh on a private sector bank for lapses in finalising the ...

allahabad bank has launched a festival season offer, slashing interest rates on housing loans up to 0.75% per annum.it ...

state bank of india, the country s biggest lender, today became the first public sector bank to touch a market capitalisation of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will have to raise vigilance to effectively deal with the uncertainty in the global financial ...

the rupee fell sharply against the dollar today on a sudden spurt in dollar demand from government-owned banks, presumably on ...

the country s current account deficit during april-june 2007 widened marginally to $4.70 billion from $4.57 billion a year ...

state bank of india (sbi) will lend another $1-1.5 billion to tata steel uk to enable the tata group to refinance a part of the ...

in the first-ever case of its kind, icici bank has compensated the families of its two borrowers who allegedly died due to ...

the country s largest private general insurer icici lombard has bagged a contract from the railways to provide personal accident ...

insurance companies, which accounted for a bulk of the total rs 13,400 crore ($3.35 billion) invested by domestic institutional ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is in favour of a domestic card payment settlement company to rival the global payment majors ...

max new york life insurance company plans to infuse rs 200 crore capital in 2007-08 to sustain growth in business and expand ...

mumbai-based union bank of india has decided to put in place a fast track promotion policy up to the rank of assistant general ...

the government is keen on moving ahead with the implementation of the percy mistry report on making mumbai an international ...

an outflow of around $1-2 billion over the next few days after the allotment of equity shares in state-owned power grid ...

icici bank said its year-old private-banking unit in dubai has attracted at least $300 million of money from the persian gulf to ...

icici bank, india s biggest lender to consumers, had its bonds rise after a debt sale yesterday boosted funding by $2 billion, ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has constituted a 10-member committee to examine issues concerning the ...

the state bank of india (sbi) aims to disburse rs 150 crore, through two property fairs, sbi home loan mahotsav , at city centre ...

dena bank, a public sector bank, plans to raise funds in the third quarter of the financial year either through upper tier - ii ...

max new york life insurance company ltd is looking to double its new business premium by the end of 2007, having achieved a 100 ...

mysore will join 10 other districts in karnataka under the complete financial inclusion, bringing all eligible families in the ...

the board of directors of bajaj allianz life insurance and bajaj allianz general insurance today announced changes at the top ...

india s largest private sector bank, icici bank has been granted a full commercial branch (fcb) licence by the central bank of ...

further curbs on overseas borrowings and more easing of capital outflows are expected even as the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

on the back of robust growth across all insurance segments and strong investment performance, general insurance corporation of ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) today increased the individual limit for mutual fund houses on their overseas ...

the rupee rose 11.6% this year to a nine-year high, the highest since april 1998, a move that would hurt exports from the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today eased overseas investment and loan repayment norms for companies, mutual funds and ...

with gujarat which enjoys one of the highest per capita incomes in the country, kotak mahindra old mutual life insurance ltd ...

sks microfinance, a leading micro-finance institution that provides financial services to the poor, will raise fresh funding from ...

india s rupee, which reached a nine- year high yesterday, will extend gains by as much as 3.3 percent in a month as lower us ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may cut cash held by lenders for the fourth time this year as currency sales by the central bank ...

the finance ministry is likely to accept punjab sind bank s (psb) request seeking an interest waiver for a few years on ...

the non-life insurance industry growth was slower at 13 per cent in the first five months of fy08 compared with 20.29 per cent a ...

the agent from india s largest life insurance company, the life insurance corporation of india (lic) will soon don a new look as ...

government bond traders, who predicted six of the last seven recessions, say the federal reserve will lower interest rates again ...

a us-based private equity fund is close to picking up a minority stake in angel infin private, the holding company of domestic ...

icici bank is expanding its private banking business by adding relationship managers and increasing point of presence in tier ii ...

banks reduced the backlog of unsold corporate debt by 2 per cent in the past two weeks to $370 billion as investor demand for ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) along with the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) and the insurance regulatory and ...

the indonesian rupiah rose to an eight-week high against the dollar on speculation investors will buy higher-yielding assets. ...

the fall in the rupee proved to be a short-lived one, as the currency bounced back with a vengeance over the past couple of ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) has a strong preference for large cap companies, which are priced higher but are ...

indian bank will take a decision on selling some of its sticky assets to asset reconstruction co of india ltd. if the latter ...

the hong kong shanghai banking corporation (hsbc) is beefing up its data tracking infrastructure in india by rolling out ...

loans for purchases of homes and cars are getting cheaper with icici bank, the country s largest retail lender, and housing ...

icici bank, the largest retail lender, today launched floating interest rate loans for purchase of cars, commercial vehicles, ...

kakinada co-operative town bank limited (kctbl) in east godavari earned a profit of rs 2.44 crore during the year 2006-07 as ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) would consider last week s fed rate cut as a relevant input in determining policy, governor y v ...

sbi life insurance has seen its valuation increase by 33 per cent in just three months. similarly, its competitor, icici ...

senior central government officials, along with capital market regulator sebi, on saturday stressed that the transaction cost in ...

india infrastructure finance company today signed a memorandum of understanding with japan s largest bank sumitomo mitsui banking ...

the day belonged to the ambani brothers on the bourses. the stocks of mukesh ambani- and anil ambani-owned companies fuelled the ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) working group has recommended that only financially sound entities should be permitted to ...

corporate bond issuance are expected to fall to rs 3,500-4,500 crore in october, almost half of the rs 9,200 crore issued thus ...

in order to meet capital adequacy norms under basel ii and to support business growth, centurion bank of punjab (cbop) will raise ...

state bank of india is targeting new deposits worth rs 7,000 crore during the current fiscal in andhra pradesh. as of march, our ...

asian currencies rose, with the singapore dollar reaching the highest since 1997, on speculation a us interest-rate cut will ease ...

canara bank has launched its first mobile biometric atm to enable people in rural areas have access to banking facilities. rbi ...

the reserve bank of india is (rbi) concerned over banks withdrawing outstanding liability insurance on credit cards with zero ...

the rupee appreciated strongly against us currency in morning trades today to rule past 40 $ first time in more than nine years ...

in a good macro environment, government banks offer decent earnings growth (21 per cent over two years) and return on equity ...

the mumbai-based development credit bank (dcb) plans to open 30 more branches across india by the end of 2008-09 to take the ...

bankers expect the reserve bank of india to soften its view on interest rates in the light of the us federal rate cut. domestic ...

banks, faced with delays in obtaining a go-ahead to lend to corporates from the latters existing lenders, are forced to hold up ...

bangalore-based state bank of mysore (sbm) today launched e-trading services under which its customers will be able to access ...

bangalore-based state bank of mysore (sbm) on wednesday launched e-trading services under which its customers will be able to ...

the berhampur cooperative urban bank, the second oldest cooperative urban bank in the country, has decided to celebrate its ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned rs 52.15 crore to west bengal under rural ...

united bank of india (ubi) has unveiled a scheme called united swarna krishi yojana (usky) under which loans upto rs 1 lakh ...

the spot rupee closed at a nine-year high of 40.19 20 after the sensex rose to a record, stoking optimism that overseas funds ...

the spot rupee today shot up by 20 paise to touch 40.28 29 per dollar, near its nine-year high, on expectations of more capital ...

the federal open market committee decided today to lower its target for the federal funds rate 50 basis points to 4-3 4 ...

the federal reserve on tuesday cut interest rates by 50 basis points to 4.75% in an aggressive move apparently designed to head ...

life insurance companies have agreed to give the unit-linked policy buyers a generic benefit illustration indicating annual ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, is likely to merge its seven associate banks with itself by march 31, ...

gone are the days when you had to wait to get your passbook updated. now you can withdraw money and simultenously get your ...

after facing attacks on its website, the bank of india has shifted website hosting from united states to india in an attempt to ...

standard chartered plc reached an agreement to acquire us-based american express bank (aeb) for about $860 million in cash a ...

commercial banks, rrbs and cooperative banks have waived interest overdue to the tune of rs 719.71 crore in karnataka as on july ...

standard chartered plc today reached an agreement to acquire us-based american express bank (aeb) for about $860 million in cash ...

praveen kadle, executive director, finance and corporate affairs, tata motors has been appointed the managing director of tata ...

ifci director vinayak chatterjee today resigned from the board over his association with one of the bidders in the stake sale by ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is concerned about the possible impact of rising volumes in offshore rupee non-deliverable ...

andhra bank has raised the interest rate on the certain short-term buckets by up to 200 basis points for large-sized (read bulk) ...

indusind bank is planning to re-balance its retail portfolio by reducing its dependence on vehicle financing on account of the ...

the country s infrastructure space will be the centre of investors focus over the next few years, with icici bank anticipating a ...

the supreme court will give its ruling on whether or not banks can charge a prepayment fee from customers who repay loans ahead ...

the stock of northern rock plc, the uk mortgage lender bailed out by the bank of england last week, tumbled to a seven-year low ...

liquidity remains a crucial factor this week. the market will witness an outflow of around rs 30,000-35,000 crore through advance ...

icici lombard general insurance is close to getting the coveted indian oil corporation s (ioc) account, but other insurers are ...

the finance ministry has prepared guidelines on a budget proposal to allow corporates to issue bonds in the overseas markets ...

n balasubramanian, chairman of ailing industrial lender industrial finance corporation of india (ifci), which is looking for a ...

sterlite industries is the only manufacturing company among 10 suitors for the 26 per cent stake in industrial finance ...

the indian banks association (iba) wants the reserve bank of india (rbi) to allow multiple holding company models in india. this ...

chennai-based indian overseas bank (iob) is considering forging an alliance with foreign and private banks to reach markets ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) had a healthy market share of 74.18% in the last financial year with a premium ...

public-sector bank of india, which has formalised an agreement with dai-ichi of japan for setting up a rs 250-crore life ...

concerned over the slowdown in the country s industrial production in july, icici bank today said it was a cautionary signal for ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may treat banks from singapore like any other foreign bank and subject them to the rigours of the ...

nabard, the apex rural development bank in india cordaid, a dutch non-governmental development organization cep investment ...

at a time when all public sector banks are looking at ways to boost their fee income, bangalore-based vijaya bank has decided to ...

after achieving robust financial health in the 90s, the credit quality improvement of indian companies is showing signs of ...

fullerton india credit company (ficcl), a wholly owned subsidiary of fullerton financial holdings of singapore, is planning to ...

the dollar traded near a record low against the euro on speculation that signs of slowing us economic growth will prompt the ...

the indian banks association (iba) would suggest to the reserve bank of india (rbi) that it permit banks to set up intermediate ...

forex re closes at 40.45 46the spot rupee opened stronger at 40.41 42 after closing on wednesday at 40.44 45 to a ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has warned banks against competing to lend to top-rated corporates under the basel-ii regime, ...

the banking sector in india is highly fragmented, with 53 domestic banks accounting for about 93 per cent of the assets. ...

visakhapatnam cooperative bank (vcb), the largest non-schedule cooperative urban bank in andhra pradesh, will open a branch in ...

click here for ...

alan greenspan trusted his instincts. ben bernanke trusts the maqs. for the past several days, the maqs - a group of ...

dbs group holdings islamic banking unit plans to expand from its singapore base into the persian gulf this year to target the $1 ...

a change in the reserve bank of india s (rbi) interest rate policy could change only after the current inflation rate was ...

rupee rose to the highest in more than a month on speculation that banks will buy the currency to boost cash before corporate ...

the slump in demand for loans could have implications for banks in managing their bad loans portfolio. the high credit offtake ...

click here for videoa ...

icici bank today said it has collaborated with vpost - an e-commerce site in south east asia run by singapore post, for an ...

demand at a sale of 35-year uk bonds fell to the lowest in more than two years as investors bet the bank of england is starting ...

the rupee rose to the highest in more than a month on speculation capital flows from overseas will increase as growth in asia s ...

the banking sector in india is highly fragmented, with 53 domestic banks accounting for about 93 per cent of the system s assets. ...

soon after taking over as the chairman and managing director of kolkata-based uco bank, sk goel gave a call to all ...

malaysia s ringgit declined for a third day after the us central bank officials indicated the world s biggest economy is slowing, ...

axis bank, erstwhile uti bank, has tied up with banque privee edmond de rothschild europe to offer wealth management services to ...

state bank of india (sbi) on tuesday launched its scheme of retail sale of gold coins ingots to the public at 15 branches in ...

failed wrestlers and goons are an integral part of the country s sophisticated financial sector. they are used in large numbers ...

the government may amend banking regulations in order to enable the formation of a holding company to own its shareholding in ...

carlyle group, the private-equity firm run by david rubenstein, raised $3 billion to invest in us office buildings, hotels and ...

the total life insurance market premiums is likely to more than double from the current $40 billion to $80-$100 billion by 2012, ...

the life insurance venture floated jointly by canara bank, hsbc insurance (asia-pacific) holdings and oriental bank of commerce ...

asian currencies declined on signs that investors are cutting risk and exiting emerging markets on concern the us economy, the ...

state-run uco bank expects the government to clear its capital restructuring plan in the next two months, chairman and managing ...

even as the market remains uncertain on the outlook of the rupee interest rates, a sharp decline in the overnight interest rate ...

forex inflows dent re gainseven though the equity market remained flat, the spot rupee, which opened at 40.75 76, ...

icici bank needs to raise over $6 billion (rs 244 billion) overseas in the current financial year to fund its international ...

will the us federal reserve cut its key rate to salvage an economy that could well be slipping into a slowdown or will the ...

the government may review the curbs imposed on external commercial borrowings (ecbs), which restricted the use of funds above $20 ...

the state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, has come to tata steel s aid for completing the fund-raising for its ...

bank of baroda (bob) has appointed us-based consultancy firm , wright management grow, to groom 300 employees in the scale-4 and ...

the aggressive growth in retail housing loan portfolio is likely to hit the capital adequacy of indian banks under the basel ii ...

the recent surge notwithstanding, the rupee is likely to weaken to 41 per dollar by september 30, the last day of the ...

india would become the third largest market for domestic credit in the world by 2040, according to pricewaterhouse coopers(pwc), ...

in an effort to expedite the recovery of bank loans in government sponsored programmes, the orissa government is considering to ...

icici lombard has emerged as the lowest bidder for the prestigious railways passenger cover policy for 2007-08 ahead of its ...

the reserve bank s tight monetary policy is likely to bring down the profitability of banks by 20 basis points during the current ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) would use monetary policy to address longer-term structural supply bottlenecks, as persisting ...

y v reddy, governor, reserve bank of india (rbi), today reiterated the growth story of india. there is growing evidence ...

foreign exchange reserves declined marginally ($2 million) to $228.847 billion for the week ended august 31, according to data ...

mumbai-based it company mastek proposes to raise close to rs 150 crore ($30 million) through the issue of overseas convertible ...

sales of asset-backed securities and other structured bonds in asia outside japan rose 14 percent to $29.1 billion in the first ...

lower rates (especially wholesale) and non performing loans (npls) in consumer credit category are likely to be themes for the ...

asian currencies gained on speculation the region s economies are resilient enough to weather the crisis in credit markets. most ...

centurion bank of punjab (ckop), post its merger with kerala-based lord krishna bank (lkb), plans to leverage lkb s large branch ...

rising defaults, confined till recently to housing loans, personal loans and loans to small and medium enterprises (smes), have ...

international rating agency, moody s investors service, said that contrary to the slowdown seen in 2006, securitisation issuances ...

debt fund managers are sitting on a cash level of around 20 per cent in their liquid plans, anticipating huge redemptions by ...

the bank of england left the benchmark interest rate unchanged at a six-year high, saying it s trying to determine whether a ...

indian banks association (iba) has decided to back icici bank and state bank of india s (sbi) proposals to float an intermediate ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic), the country s largest financial services firm, has finalised ge money india, a ...

reliance communications (rcom) today announced the launch of money transfer through mobile phones across the country ...

bangalore-based canara bank is considering selling a stake in its venture capital subsidiary, canbank venture funds, which ...

life insurers have declined to provide cover to a total of 80,000 individuals since 2003, mostly because they suppressed ...

ratings agency, standard poor s has said the global debt markets are in the midst of a jarring repricing of risk, with $500 ...

international rating agency, moody s investors service, said the volatility in credit markets following the sub-prime meltdown in ...

the world s 300 largest pension funds controlled $10.4 trillion in assets in 2006, 12 percent more than the year before and ...

asian currencies gained, led by the south korean won and the philippine peso, as overseas investors increased their appetite for ...

the export credit guarantee corporation of india ltd (ecgc) is set to provide credit insurance cover to companies in the domestic ...

the rise in interest rates has made the hyderabad-based andhra bank to put on hold its proposal to raise over rs 400 crore ...

state bank of india s (sbi) top brass and its middle management will camp at a resort in the suburbs here to chalk out a strategy ...

a risk on the horizon for some asian ex-japan economies is inflation. in 2008, inflation in china, india, hong kong and singapore ...

asian currencies fell, led by the philippine peso, as losses related to us mortgages curbed investor appetite for emerging-market ...

about 13 per cent of the funds remitted by non-resident indians (nris) in 2006 were invested in equity and real estate. while 20 ...

the government is unlikely to cut the size of the borrowing plan for the second half of the current financial year 2007-08, ...

certificates of deposit issuances continued to flood the short-term debt market as banks raised funds ahead of advance tax ...

prudential plc, the uk. s second- biggest insurer, expects the share of revenue it gets from asia to rise from the current 55 ...

icici bank, the largest private sector bank in india, today signed agreements with 28 banks for $1.5 billion three-tranche loans. ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, is likely to reduce interest rates on home loans and other retail loans ...

tokyo-based sony corporation is planning an initial public offering (ipo) of about 332 billion yen ($2.9 billion) of its ...

icici bank, india s second largest lender, has signed a multi-tranche, dual currency $1.5 billion syndication loan agreement in ...

k v kamath, managing director and ceo, icici bank today said the on-going consolidation exercise of state bank of india (sbi) ...

the nashik divisional office of life insurance corporation (lic) plans to sell 4 lakh policies with the first premium of rs 408 ...

banks are garnering term deposits with a renewed vigour, as such deposits help correct the asset-liability mismatch to some ...

short-term premium paying insurance products seem to be gaining favour in the indian life insurance market. with the booming ...

asian currencies rose on speculation global investors will increase holdings of the region s assets, betting it can withstand a ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) today said it does not plan to cut home loan rates as of now, a senior company ...

forex markets remain dullfollowing holiday in the us markets, the forex market remained dull and lacklustre. the ...

the extent of the currency effects is relatively small compared with those of other variables, such as the export credit rate or ...

the first woman deputy governor of the reserve bank of india (rbi), k j udeshi , is now the chairperson of the ...

the mysore division of the life insurance corporation (lic) will go paperless by november-december, enabling customers to access ...

icici prudential life insurance today announced the crossing of two milestones - the 5 million policies-mark, and assets held ...

the united bank of india (ubi) is all set to implement atms with biometric devices as the solution in the ongoing effort to offer ...

with the merger of the state bank of saurashtra (sbs) with parent state bank of india (sbi) on card, the former have decided ...

disha financial counselling, an initiative in consumer credit counselling, launched its sixth counselling centre in hyderabad on ...

general insurance industry clocked business growth of 12.6 per cent during april-july of 2007-08, lower than 23 per cent recorded ...

reserve bank of india deputy governor rakesh mohan said policy makers aim to limit swings in the rupee s exchange rate to help ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) will launch an exclusive group insurance scheme for its confirmed agent base, ...

public sector insurance major life insurance corporation of india (lic) is all set to foray into the growing credit card market ...

shri mahila sewa sahakari bank ltd (sewa bank) in association with solar electric light company (selco) on friday launched a demo ...

the rupee headed for the biggest monthly decline since may 2006 as global funds pared emerging market assets, selling a record ...

standard poor s named deven sharma to replace kathleen corbet as president after lawmakers and investors criticized the ...

bank of baroda has cut home loan rates for new borrowers in the hope that it would generate some demand. the bank has hardly done ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $2.404 billion to $228.849 billion for the week ended august 24, according to data released ...

the country s largest lender state bank of india (sbi) plans to raise around rs 89,600 crore as capital fund in the next five ...

asia pacific carbon fund, managed by asian development bank, is scouting for renewable energy and energy efficient projects in ...

banks are making hay while the sun shines. they have added a whopping rs 8,400 crore to their deposit base through certificates ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has accorded the first stage of clearance to idbi-fortis life ...

excess foreign exchange inflows management is proving to be a tough task for the reserve bank of india (rbi). capital flows in ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will conduct an annual review of the payment and settlement systems to ensure that customers ...

inflationary pressure continues to haunt the reserve bank of india. the continued rise in the consumer price inflation over the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has said financial stability in india could assume greater importance in coming months amid fears ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) fears that greater global credit tightening could emerge from the us subprime mortgage market ...

surprised by the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) discussion paper suggesting holding company structure for banking groups, the ...

chennai-based indbank merchant banking services limited (indbank), a subsidiary of indian bank, is set to enter the insurance ...

the stringent prudential norms clamped for calibrating (read slow down) growth in advances in areas like real estate and personal ...

indian commercial banks have expressed inability to bear huge burden of over rs 26,000 crore emerging from bank unions demand to ...

bangalore-based vijaya bank has revalued its 64 real estate properties across the country, after a gap of 12 years, to shore up ...

the character of public sector banks and their relationship with the government could undergo a change as and when the reserve ...

banks and mutual funds stepped up their investment in primary issuances as the rates moved up by 5-10 basis points, dealers said. ...

asian currencies fell with south korea s won declining by the most in more than a week, on speculation overseas investors are ...

whether the ecb hikes rates on september 6 probably depends on market developments. we now see dented confidence, tighter credit ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) pointed out that its prior approval was essential for appointment, ...

close on the heels of power finance corporation, indian railway finance corporation ( irfc) is understood to have dropped its ...

the euro, battered by the dollar since reaching a record a month ago, may climb to new highs this year as u.s. central bankers ...

wary financial markets awaited a public appearance by european central bank chief jean-claude trichet on monday after a german ...

not since 1995 have so many chief executive officers of so many financial firms and their insiders bought so many shares in their ...

city union bank (cub), one of the oldest scheduled commercial banks in the private sector with a significant presence in the ...

general insurers don t expect a further reduction in premium rates for fire and engineering covers when the regulator removes the ...

canara bank will increase its holding in can fin homes (canfin), a housing finance company, to 51 per cent from about 30 per cent ...

jrg securities, kochi-based financial services provider, has announced to launch a non-banking financial subsidiary in ...

asian currencies rose, led by south korea s won, as investors bought emerging-market assets after concerns eased that us subprime ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today approved the merger of kerala-based lord krishna bank (lkb) with centurion bank of punjab ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has suggested a holding company structure for banking groups in which banks do not own any ...

insurance regulator irda today said that insurance companies can neither terminate nor appoint chief executives and directors ...

the board of directors canara bank, which met recently, approved a proposal to make an open offer for can fin ...

the global money transfer services provider, western union company, claims to be in a comfortable position in india and does not ...

european union regulators extended an examination of credit rating companies role in helping create structured finance ...

union bank of india will finalise a foreign partner for setting up an asset management company in the next six months. the bank ...

the government is planning to bring a new law to regulate credit card payment. while replying to a question regarding credit card ...

global ratings agency, standard poor s today said asian economies would be able to weather the current turmoil in the ...

forex reserves declined $2.551 billion to $226.445 billion during the week ended august 17, according to data released by the ...

the central government is planning to introduce a bill to empower the reserve bank of india (rbi) to regulate and oversee various ...

bank of america (bofa) has the right to match any buy-out offer for countrywide financial, according to a report on the website ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has issued revised priority sector guidelines for regional rural banks (rrbs) to increase lending ...

dbs india s profits has risen 360 per cent to rs 74 crore as on march 31, 2007 against rs 16 crore in the corresponding period ...

the reserve bank of india today announced that the clearing corporation of india (ccil) would launch a trade reporting platform ...

in their first step towards introducing a pension scheme based on defined contribution, public sector banks have in-principle ...

tightening financial conditions have set the stage for early fed easing. outside the us, there is no longer expectation of the ...

syndicate bank is firming up plans to raise $125 million in the current fiscal through innovative perpetual bonds to boost its ...

bank of rajasthan limited (bor) is considering a multi-pronged approach to enhance its capital base.bm sharma, managing director ...

the rising cost of credit took its toll on lehman brothers holdings inc., accredited home lenders holding co. and hsbc holdings ...

the uk-headquartered standard chartered will acquire 49 per cent stake in uti securities for rs 147 crore from securities trading ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic), south central zone, expects to sell 1 million policies of its newly launched fortune ...

bank of japan (boj) today said the economy is expanding moderately, signalling policy makers are confident that a global credit ...

bank of america corporation bought $2 billion preferred stock from countrywide financial corporation to stabilise the nation s ...

indusind bank, a private sector bank, has exited the personal loans business. it has decided to offer personal loans only to ...

the indonesian rupiah and philippine peso, among currencies in asia that offer the highest yields, rose as gains in global stocks ...

the 10-year bonds rose for a third day as a decline in oil prices stoked speculation inflation will slow. bond yields fell to the ...

the kerala high court today dismissed a petition filed by umesh v pai, a shareholder of kochi-based lord krishna bank (lkb), ...

indian bank, visakhapatnam zone, expects a 57 per cent growth in net profits during this fiscal at rs 11.80 crore from rs 7.5 ...

the indian banking system is unlikely to be affected by the sub-prime lending crisis in the us, but banks may face problems on ...

time is not yet ripe for a full-scale merger and consolidation of public sector banks on commercial lines. whatever is happening ...

a further liberalisation in the foreign direct investment (fdi) regulations for the insurance sector has effectively happened ...

bank of india (boi) will revamp its low key credit card operations to increase retail banking operations. it is exploring an ...

icici bank, the largest private sector bank in the country, has signed a $200 million line of credit with korean eximbank to ...

societe generale, one of the leading financial services companies in europe, is bullish on india in the private banking space. ...

forex re opens uptracking the global markets that recovered following the decision of federal reserve to cut discount ...

canara bank has launched two new schemes for their high networth individuals sb gold (savings bank) and can-premium current ...

india s credit bureau, set up by citigroup inc, icici bank ltd and other lenders, will begin grading 100 million borrowers from ...

sbi life insurance will revamp its offerings in the credit life range by bringing all retail loans under one umbrella, said ...

the co-operative banking sector in gujarat seems to be on the growth trajectory testified by the leading co-operative bank being ...

central bank of india listed at rs 130 - a 27.5% premium to its issue price of rs 102 per share. the stock touched a high ...

sbi life insurance company has seen its valuation increase nearly four-fold in the last six months to $4.5 billion from $1.2 ...

the current domestic and global macro conditions remind us of the 1993-1996 cycle. like in this cycle, unusually low global ...

a prolonged global liquidity crunch may affect the indian banks growth and capital expansion plans in 2007-08 and beyond. the ...

a 30 per cent annual growth in bank credit for the last three years plus hardening interest rates are likely to grow the quantum ...

the new york-headquartered lehman brothers has picked up 26 per cent stake in ecl finance, the non-banking finance company of ...

united bank of india today launched the first bank-promoted training institute in eastern india at rajpur in 24-parganas (south) ...

development credit bank (dcb) is all set to announce its entry into the micro finance market by opening a branch in dadiapada, ...

hyderabad-based andhra bank was scouting for strategic partners to foray in life insurance sector by the end of the financial ...

the liquidity in the market continues to remain a problem this week as well. till the meltdown in the global equity market ...

fullerton india credit company, a subsidiary of temasek, is planning a big push in lending to the low-income group, a sub-prime ...

icici bank, the largest private sector bank, is betting big on merger and acquisition financing. in calendar year 2007 thus far, ...

nearly two months after first rejecting it, the foreign investment promotion board (fipb) today recommended for approval icici ...

the rupee faced its biggest weekly fall since may 2004 on continued selling of equities by foreign funds, particularly hedge ...

the us federal reserve, in an unscheduled announcement, cut its discount rate and said it is prepared to take further actions to ...

foreign exchange reserves declined $346 million to $228.996 billion for the week ended august 10, according to data released by ...

punjab national bank (pnb) is looking at positioning itself as a strong player in the indo-gangetic belt, with major thrust on ...

union bank of india will bring banking services to the doorsteps of over 2.5 lakh hawkers in mumbai by partnering with their ...

punjab national bank (pnb), the third largest public sector bank, is reviewing the shareholding patterns of all its existing ...

india s rupee, asia s top-performing currency, may weaken 2 per cent by year-end as global funds reduce holdings in emerging ...

icici bank has made inroads into the complex world of financial derivatives, which till not long ago was the exclusive domain of ...

kochi-based federal bank will launch gold bullion trading on chingam 1, the malayalam new year (august 17). the bank will ...

irda has directed aviva life insurance and bajaj allianz life to withdraw their unit-linked insurance products (ulip), where ...

the spot rupee dropped over 60 paise today to close at 41.37 per dollar on subprime woes.widening cracks in global credit ...

the small industries development bank of india (sidbi) may complete the rating of 720 small and medium enterprises before ...

asian currencies declined on speculation losses from us subprime mortgages are leading global investors to cut holdings in ...

gilts slack volumes on fund concernsapprehending the concerns on liquidity, trading in government securities market ...

realigning its interest rates to market rates, punjab national bank (pnb) today hiked interest on fixed deposits by 25 to 125 ...

an economists forum is being set up at the indian banks association (iba) to help removing the disconnect between commercial ...

realigning its interest rates to market rates, punjab national bank (pnb) today hiked interest rates on fixed deposits by 25 to ...

in a clear sign that the scramble for cash was easing, the bank of japan (boj) today drained 1.6 trillion yen ($13.6 billion) ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) said 1,054 companies had sanctioned projects in the pipeline totalling rs 2,83,400 crore in ...

banks tightened lending standards on non-traditional and subprime mortgage loans in the us, according to the july 2007 senior ...

pandiyan grama bank (pgb), a regional rural bank headquartered at virudhunagar, has signed an mou with maruti udyog limited to ...

tata capital and tata investments would jointly pick up a 4.5 per cent stake in development credit bank (dcb) for around rs 85 ...

dbrs, a canada-based rating agency, has decided to set up operations in india and is working towards making its brand a familiar ...

public sector banks (psbs) have asked the centre to intervene as talks with bank unions for allowing half of their employees a ...

the south korean won rose after the government sought to soothe investors concerns about the spread of the us subprime mortgage ...

the state bank of hyderabad, which planned a public offer during the second quarter of the current fiscal, has put on hold its ...

the borrowings of the erstwhile industrial credit and investment corporation of india (icici) are still haunting icici bank. ...

the state bank of hyderabad, which planned a public offer of shares around the second quarter of the current fiscal, has put on ...

the japan bank of international corporation (jbic), a leading japanese financial institution, has come forward with a plan in the ...

ifci today kicked off the process to sell 26% stake to a strategic investor.the delhi-based financial institution today ...

asian central banks took further steps on monday to calm markets roiled by fears over a credit squeeze with bank of japan ...

the kerala high court has asked the reserve bank of india to consider the representation by a t jacob, a shareholder of ...

insurance agents of all life insurance companies selling unit linked insurance plans (ulips) will now show rate of returns ...

max new york life, one of the leading insurance companies in india launched its operation in jammu and kashmir by opening its ...

the orissa government has decided to amend various principles and laws of co-operative as per the recommendations of vaidyanathan ...

as part of efforts to flush out excess foreign capital, reserve bank has allowed resident indians to open accounts in banks ...

credit cards will now pinch your pockets more as leading banks have hiked the rate of interest charged on card dues by 1-3% per ...

bank of india (boi) today reduced interest rates on its domestic rupee term deposits.the rates have been reduced for ...

should the us federal reserve help bail out billionaire hedge fund managers and millionaire traders - the very people who bought ...

icici bank, the largest private sector bank in india, will continue with its $1.5 billion overseas loan borrowing despite the ...

triggered by the concern over global liquidity, foreign banks today tapped the term money market aggressively to raise six-month ...

foreign exchange reserves zoomed $3.992 billion to $229.342 billion for the week ended august 3, according to data released by ...

the us federal reserve today added $19 billion of temporary reserves to the banking system through 3-day repurchase agreements to ...

centrum group, which provides structured financial solutions in the area of fund raising, infrastructure development, government ...

public sector banks are likely to see an increase in their level of bad loans over the next three years to 4-5.5 per cent from ...

the indonesian rupiah and the philippine peso fell as investors cut emerging market holdings after two european banks reported ...

munich re, the world s second-biggest reinsurer after swiss re, plans to tap india s growing insurance market in a bid to reverse ...

the federal reserve trails other central banks in openness, hamstringing it in times of market turmoil, and may not catch up even ...

the european central bank (ecb) injected 94.841 billion euros ($129.65 billion) into euro-zone money markets today to help calm ...

bnp paribas sa, france s biggest bank, halted withdrawals from three investment funds because it couldn t fairly value their ...

in a bid to improve the operational efficiency and the quality of the management systems of the urban co-operative banks (ucbs) ...

ing vysya life insurance company ltd, headquartered in bangalore, expects to capture a 2 per cent share of the insurance market ...

punjab national bank has deferred its plan to hike deposit rates and will review them in 15-30 days, chairman and managing ...

apollo hospitals group and dkv, europe s largest private health insurer and a munich re group company, today launched india s ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) move to curb companies from bringing home overseas funds is probably one of the few weapons the ...

the curbs on external commercial borrowings will affect banks overseas borrowings for funding domestic credit demand. banks will ...

banks anticipate a further rise in interest rates on loans to corporates as curbs on companies overseas borrowings diverts ...

the rupee, which had risen about 10 per cent this year, fell to its lowest in over a month after the centre placed curbs on ...

uti international, a 100 per cent subsidiary of uti asset management company (amc), and shinsei bank of japan, today signed a ...

the rupee fell to a low of rs 40.81 per dollar in intra-day trade on concerns over slowing capital inflows following stringent ...

the spot rupee opened at 40.75 76, and fell to a low of 40.81 to a dollar on wednesday in reaction to the government s decision ...

the rupee slipped to its lowest level in over a month in early trades after the government yesterday stepped in to check foreign ...

frank hancock, managing director, abn amro asia corporate finance, is based in new delhi. but he travels very often to ...

the centre is planning to raise the ceiling on foreign equity holding in public sector banks to enable them to mop up the ...

the proposed full pricing freedom to general insurers will have to wait till november 1 this year. at a meeting with the ...

icici bank today reduced interest rates on deposits of value less than rs 15 lakh by 25-50 basis points for select maturities ...

state bank of india (sbi) has begun taking steps to build a strong derivatives business, which is currently dominated by foreign ...

asian currencies rose, led by the philippine peso, on speculation foreign investors purchased emerging market shares following a ...

vijaya bank is likely to explore the possibility of acquiring a bank with a large number of branches in north india by 2009, ...

standard chartered bank s india operations has posted a 50 per cent rise in net profit to $320 million in the first half of 2007 ...

the rupee is likely to fall sharply tomorrow in a knee-jerk reaction to the government s decision to tighten external commercial ...

the government today stepped in to check foreign currency inflows by putting stiff restrictions on overseas borrowings, a measure ...

india s local currency bonds will keep a non-investment rating as the government isn t reducing its budget deficit fast enough, ...

asian currencies declined, led by the indonesian rupiah, on speculation that investors are cutting holdings in the region as ...

kicking off the festival season, the state bank of travancore (sbt) is offering onam festival concessions of 0.50 per cent on ...

new india assurance company, the country s largest general insurance company, more than doubled its net profit to rs 1,459.95 ...

icici bank, the largest private sector bank in india, has raised yen-denominated loans equivalent to $1.5 billion from 10 foreign ...

dena bank, a small public sector bank, is working to meet the basel ii revised capital adequacy norms by march 2008, a year ahead ...

united kingdom s second largest insurer, royal sunalliance group (r sa) is bullish on india. it expects the share of ...

jaspal bindra has been appointed director of uk-based standard chartered bank. jaspal will continue to be based in singapore in ...

state bank of india (sbi) today announced a reduction as well as hikes in deposit rates based on maturities, which has also been ...

state bank of india (sbi) has signed mous with mitcon consultancy services, ecosecurities india and cantor co2e india for jointly ...

bangalore-based real estate bank international (rebi) has drawn out an ambitious expansion plan for rajasthan. rebi offers all ...

the kakinada zone of andhra bank registered 40.64 per cent growth in net profit for the quarter ended june 30, 2007, at rs 26.23 ...

dhanalakshmi bank limited is aiming to achieve rs 8,000 crore business by the end of this fiscal. the bank s total business as on ...

in a massive push for cashless transaction, state bank of india, the country s largest bank, plans to increase the number of its ...

hdfc bank, the second largest private sector bank in the country, is gearing up to enter the investment banking business. the ...

it was a disappointing week for equity investors. the markets opened on monday at 15,278 points and closed on friday at 15,138 ...

any relief due to a possible reduction in the interest rates is out for the consumer. last week, the reserve bank of india s ...

ahmedabad-based, non-banking finance company, mas financial services ltd, a specialised retail financing organisation will set up ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, plans to sell up to 10 per cent stake in its proposed holding company ...

gujarat has been a hub of equity investors and the state bank of india (sbi) hit a jackpot with its ipo finance product in ...

state bank india plans to issue 1 crore tiny smart cards to extend its banking facility to 1 lakh villages in the next two years. ...

national housing bank (nhb), the refinancing and regulatory authority of housing finance companies in india, is of the opinion ...

over 8,100 employees of state bank of india across punjab, haryana, himachal pradesh, jammu and kashmir and chandigarh would ...

the banking sector witnessed another robust quarter during the period ended june 2007, with their growth in bottom lines rising ...

the centre has decided to withdraw finance ministry officials from the management committees of public sector banks. the ...

reliance general insurance, a part of the reliance anil dhirubhai ambani group, grew its business through aggressive strategies ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) has shortlisted three foreign insurers for inducting one of them as a joint ...

state bank of india has firmed up plans to launch a separate holding company for its life insurance and mutual fund management ...

the state bank of travancore (sbt) has lined up measures to revive the agri-clinics initiative that failed due to lack of ...

state bank of india (sbi), after over a decade of witnessing a decline, increased its market share in deposits from 14.91 per ...

foreign and private banks sold dollars to raise rupee resource so as to remain comfortable on rupee liquidity fearing a hike in ...

tuesday s announcement by the reserve bank of india (rbi) that it would tighten liquidity and re-emphasize its anti-inflationary ...

finance minister p chidambaram advised public sector banks not to raise their lending rates following the increase in cash ...

lakshmi vilas bank (lvb) has reported 20 per cent growth in net profit to rs 15.09 crore for the quarter-ended june 30, compared ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is unlikely to sanction higher capital market exposure limits to banks which are closer to ...

the healthcare insurance industry is suffering losses of upto rs 600 crore annually, on false claims every year, according to a ...

a day after the reserve bank of india (rbi) raised the cash reserve ratio (crr) to suck out excess liquidity, finance minister p ...

india s central bank is likely to stop the rupee s rally at 40 against the dollar after signaling yesterday that it will mop up ...

the money and government securities market reeled under bearish sentiments following concerns on the state of liquidity in the ...

state bank of india (sbi) today said it will decide in the next two months whether to go for a rights issue or public offer for ...

click here for videorbi ...

the monetary policy has bad news for hedge funds and private equity (pe) funds. the reserve bank of india (rbi) today expressed ...

checks on the large capital flows could be on the anvil as the reserve bank of india s (rbi) today said its inflation target for ...

thiruvananthapuram-headquartered state bank of travancore (sbt) will launch a cash back plus offer to its debit card holders ...

checks on large capital flows could be on the anvil as the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said its inflation target for ...

banks would maintain their lending rates at the current elevated levels while hastening the process of correcting the unusually ...

the 50 basis points hike in cash reserve ratio (crr) to 7% by the reserve bank of india (rbi) in its quarterly policy review is ...

industry chambers expressed concern on the hike in cash reserve ratio (crr) by 50 basis points announced by the reserve bank of ...

any hopes of interest rates softening in the near-term have dissipated with the 50bps hike in cash reserve ratio (crr) effected ...

the rupee rallied sharply today on buying by global investors as the reserve bank of india lifted the daily borrowing limit for ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has urged banks, financial institutions and corporates to gear up their risk mitigation ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will endeavour to contain inflation close to 5% in 2007-08, and to the range of 4 4.5% over ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi), for policy purposes, has retained the real gdp growth expectation at 8.5% barring domestic or ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today hiked the cash reserve ratio (crr) by 50bps to 7% from 6.5% effective august ...

liquidity management is expected to top the agenda in the first quarter review of the monetary policy by the reserve bank of ...

p jayendra nayak, a former bureaucrat, moved to uti bank as a director in 1999. today, the bank under his leadership has ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc), a state-owned lender, said the first-quarter profit rose 48 per cent on higher credit demand ...

syndicate bank, backed by a smart 8 per cent increase in net interest income, has reported a 22 per cent rise in net profit to rs ...

vijaya bank, backed by strong cash recoveries, has registered a growth of 53.31 per cent in its net profit to rs 111.35 crore in ...

andhra bank has reported a 21.2 per cent increase in net profit to rs 141.09 crore for the quarter ended june 2007 compared with ...

three foreign private equity funds - hong kong-based aif capital, gartmore, london-based independent asset manager with $50 ...

uti bank has become axis bank. the registrar of companies (roc) today issued a fresh certificate of incorporation to the bank in ...

the reserve bank of india on monday said inflation has been contained by interest rate increases and import duty cuts in the ...

three foreign private equity funds, aif capital, gartmore and siguler guff, have together picked up a 14% stake in thrissur-based ...

rising home loan rates and a recent surge in stock markets are weaning away household savings from the life insurance industry, ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) today reported a 48% increase in net profit at rs 139.18 crore for the first quarter ended june ...

uti bank has changed its name to axis bank w.e.f today.according to a release issued by uti bank to the bse today, ...

a reserve bank of india (rbi) task force has suggested that regional rural banks (rrb) lend only 60 per cent to the priority ...

a robust growth on the back of higher income on investments and interest on advances helped indian overseas bank (iob) post a ...

ahead of the rbi quarterly review of credit policy on tuesday, there seems to be a consensus among economists that policy rates ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) will be closing money plus, a unit-linked insurance plan (ulip), in the first fortnight ...

icici prudential life insurance has received capital infusion of rs 300 crore from its promoters, icici bank and prudential plc, ...

state bank of india s (sbi) consolidated net profit for the quarter ended june 30, 2007, zoomed 93.3% to rs 1,861.66 crore when ...

bank of baroda q1 net profit for the quarter ended june 30, 2007, soared 102.6% to rs 330.84 crore as against rs 163.32 crore in ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $3.087 billion to $222.043 billion for the week ended july 20, according to data released by ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may remove the cap on daily liquidity absorption to modulate excess cash in the banking system ...

a strong growth in fee-based income and advances portfolio helped ing vysya bank register a 71.20 per cent rise in net profit to ...

the chennai-based shriram city union finance posted a net profit increase of 67.9 per cent to rs 17.31 crore during the first ...

rating agency icra ltd, which got listed in april this year, has registered a net profit of rs 4.69 crore for the first quarter ...

government bonds closed up today, snapping a two-day falling streak as banks and primary dealers built positions taking a bullish ...

dena bank s net profit increased four times in the first quarter of 2007-08 on the back of a robust growth in net interest income ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has imposed a penalty of rs 10 lakh on catholic syrian bank (csb), a kerala-based small private ...

south canara district co-operative (scdcc) bank ltd, a premier co-op bank in the state, has become the first bank in the country ...

yes bank s net profit rose around 125 per cent to rs 36 crore in the first quarter of the 2007-08 compared with rs 16.88 crore ...

indusind bank s net profit increased by 65 per cent to rs 13.22 crore in the first quarter of 2007-08 as advances to companies ...

buoyed by strong growth in interest income and advances portfolio, canara bank registered a rise of 26 per cent in its net profit ...

the improvement in pricing of credit and recoveries from non-performing assets helped bank of india to post 51 per cent growth in ...

punjab national bank (pnb) reported a 15.7 per cent increase in net profit to rs 425 crore in the april-june quarter of 2007-08 ...

bank of maharashtra (mahabank) has posted a 33.82 per cent rise in net profit for the first quarter of 2007-08 on the back of a ...

infrastructure development finance company (idfc) has reported a 38 per cent rise in net profit to rs 181 crore in the first ...

the rabobank group, a netherlands-based cooperative financial services provider, has changed its india strategy, with plans to ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) has registered a 25 per cent growth in net profit in the first quarter ended june ...

punjab national bank today reported a 16% rise in net profit at rs 425.07 crore for the quarter ended june 30, 2007 when compared ...

indusind bank has posted a 62% jump in net profit at rs 13.22 crore for the quarter ended june 30, 2007 when compared with rs ...

canara bank has recorded a standalone net profit of rs 240.55 crore during the first quarter ending june 30, 2007 - a growth of ...

united bank of india(ubi) has unveiled a plan to set up a rural development and self employment training institute(rudseti) at ...

higher growth in interest income and other income helped the kumbakonam-based city union bank post 36.4 per cent rise in profit ...

united bank of india (ubi) has posted a 25.4 per cent rise in its net profit at rs 88.21 crore during april-june 2007 against rs ...

kotak mahindra bank s net profit rose by 99 per cent to rs 47.7 crore in the quarter ended june 30 from rs 23.9 crore a year ...

a reserve bank of india (rbi) technical group has suggested that states lay down the maximum interest rates that moneylenders can ...

in a judgement that could lead to hassle-free settlement of insurance claims, the supreme court has held that an insurance firm ...

the karnataka-based vijaya bank plans to open full-fledged branches in hong kong and dubai by the end of this fiscal, marking its ...

the rupee closed at a new 9-year high at rs 40.27 per dollar from monday s rs 40.29. the rupee had touched a high of rs 40.20 in ...

the ahmedabad-based kalupur commercial co-operative bank is once again exploring the acquisition route for expansion and has ...

the all india reserve bank employees association (airbea) held a meeting in ahmedabad to discuss reserve bank of india s (rbi) ...

bank of baroda (bob) is aiming at a 150 per cent rise in its advances to the small and medium enterprises (sme) segment in ...

dewan housing finance corporation (dhfl) has registered a 43 per cent rise in net profit for the first quarter of the current ...

riding on higher interest income on account of robust growth in advances and lower provisioning towards non performing assets and ...

private equity players in india, triggered by consolidation of domestic businesses, cross-border m as (merger and ...

in a bid to restructure its capital base and achieve basel-ii compliance, the kolkata-based uco bank may go for a public offer ...

the deadline for completing the merger of mumbai-based centurion bank of punjab (cbop) and lord krishna bank (lkb) has been ...

the icici group, the country s largest private sector financial services provider, has signed agreements with colleges and ...

the government and financial institutions have jointly decided not to appoint more than three directors in any public sector bank ...

centurion bank of punjab reported a 15 per cent rise in net profit in the first quarter of 2007-08, with buoyant growth in other ...

robust growth in interest on advances and fee-based income helped union bank of india to post a 34.94 per cent rise in net profit ...

uti bank announced that it has priced its offering of 14.13 million gdrs, aggregating $218.07 million.

state bank of india, life insurance corporation of india and uti asset management company will be the pension fund managers under ...

due to hardening global interest rates, india is likely to gain $7-8 billion this year on surplus foreign exchange reserves ...

liquidity in surplusthere are several factors propelling the liquidity, which would continue to remain in surplus ...

public sector banks, in a frenzy to cash in on the retail credit boom during the three years beginning 2003-04, had failed to ...

karur vysya bank (kvb) has reported a net profit growth of 24.93 per cent to rs 47.95 crore in the first quarter of fy08 compared ...

icici bank, the country s second largest bank, today reported a 25 per cent rise in net profit in the first quarter of 2007-08 as ...

thiruvananthapuram-based state bank of travancore (sbt) has reported a 62.05% increase in net profit at rs 87.28 crore for the ...

the general insurance corporation (gic), the country s only reinsurer, and the four government-owned general insurance companies, ...

foreign exchange reserves zoomed $4.121 billion to $218.956 billion during the week ended july 13, according to the weekly ...

state bank of india (sbi), life insurance corporation of india (lic) and uti asset management company will be the pension fund ...

china raised interest rates on friday for the third time this year after the economy logged a growth of 11.9% in the second ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has allowed clearing corporations of exchanges to keep collateral securities of foreign ...

india s foreign exchange reserves are at a record high of $214.83 billion. considering this rapid rise in country s forex ...

bank of baroda is targeting rs11,000 crore business from the eastern region in 2007-08, against rs 8,296 crore in 2006-07, ...

india will maintain a fairly tight monetary policy to curb inflation that may be stoked by rising crude oil prices and ...

the south korean won rose, approaching the highest this year, on signs that growth in asia s third-largest economy is gathering ...

bank of baroda (bob) is looking at acquiring a mid-size bank in africa to grow its international business. it is scaling up its ...

tata aig general insurance company limited (tata aig), a joint venture between the tata group and american international group, ...

mangalore-based corporation bank, on the back of easy liquidity and stagnant home loan portfolio, has decided to reduce interest ...

central bank of india (cbi) is actively considering a move to consolidate its housing finance business by a possible merger of ...

indian bank is tapping alternative methods to penetrate the rural segments. the bank plans to set up 500 kiosks in the rural ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) has posted a net profit of rs 153 crore for the first quarter (april-june period) of ...

thailand s baht had the first two-day slide in a month after the central bank cut its key interest and announced more measures to ...

a drop in inflation rate to below 5 per cent and moderation in industrial production growth to 11.1 per cent, could imply that ...

top-rated manufacturing companies continue to shy away from the commercial paper (cp) market, despite the steep 200-basis-point ...

the government, in consultation with the reserve bank of india (rbi), is considering modifications in the foreign direct ...

bonds gained for the third day as banks used surplus cash to buy securities, pushing the yield on the 91-day treasury bill to the ...

aviva, the international savings, investments and insurance group, today announced the appointment of simon machell as the chief ...

the rupee, asia s second-best performer this year, ended three days of gains on speculation the central bank is selling the ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) today reported a net profit of rs 153.12 crore for the first quarter ended june 30, ...

the reserve bank of india has rejected proposals to relax external commercial borrowing (ecb) and foreign direct investment (fdi) ...

forward dollars are now available at a discount in contrast to the usual premium charged owing to excess rupee liquidity in the ...

fourteen banks having taken a hit of around rs 930 crore as depreciation for exposure to ifci have conveyed to the reserve bank ...

thailand s baht fell, snapping a 13-day rally that brought it near a decade high, as finance minister chalongphob sussangkarn ...

private equity (pe) funds, which are known to sense big opportunities in businesses, now see a potential in low-profile ...

ten-year bonds rose for the second day, sending yields to the lowest in more than five months, on speculation increased spare ...

successive interest rate hikes have had a limited impact on consumer spending, which is expected to accelerate in the second half ...

the indian growth story could be derailed if interest rates continued to increase or even remained at the same level, said k v ...

the rupee held at the highest in nine years on speculation increased company earnings will attract global funds to the nation s ...

mumbai-based abhyudaya co-op bank has planned an aggressive expansion drive and to create a branch network across states in the ...

key share indices today ended at record highs for the third straight session as investors lapped up bank and metal shares, ...

icici prudential life insurance, in a bid to tap the potential in healthcare sector, has tied up with private hospitals and ...

the central government may issue tradable recapitalisation bonds to infuse fresh capital into regional rural banks (rrbs) with ...

public sector banks want the reserve bank of india (rbi) to stipulate that all the nominees on their boards have to go through ...

thailand s baht gained, heading for the highest close in almost a decade in onshore and offshore markets, as global funds bought ...

in a meeting with reserve bank of india deputy governor rakesh mohan today, bankers expressed concerns that interest rates had ...

government bonds ended up as the market continued to draw comfort from the persisting liquidity glut in the system and absence of ...

the rupee extended friday s gains on persistent dollar sales by foreign institutional investors into the local stock market as ...

punjab national bank s (pnb) proposed foray into life insurance with the uk-based principal financial group, uk paints (india) ...

mangalore-headquartered public sector corporation bank has registered a growth of 22.79 per cent in its net profit at rs 177.11 ...

the central government may issue tradable recapitalisation bonds to infuse fresh capital in regional rural banks (rrb), who have ...

as part of its wealth management initiative, bank of baroda (bob) will venture into mutual fund business very soon. bank of ...

the karnataka vikasa grameena bank has recorded a total business of rs 4,482 crore at the end of the first quarter of fiscal ...

corporation bank today reported a 23% increase in net profit at rs 177.11 crore for the quarter ended june 30, 2007 when compared ...

allahabad bank today reported a 56% increase in net profit at rs 200.40 crore for the quarter ended june 30, 2007 when compared ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) and citigroup have snapped their arrangement under which the american bank s india ...

the year-on-year growth in credit further slowed to 23.4 per cent at the end of june 2007 from 24.6 per cent on june 22, 2007. ...

central bank of india, the 96-year-old government-owned lender, has fixed a price band of rs 85-rs 102 per share for its initial ...

dena bank, the first bank in the country to introduce a credit card in rural india called the dena krishi sakh patra (dksp) in ...

dena bank plans to enter the non-life insurance business through a tie-up with a foreign or local partner by the next financial ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $1.349 billion to $214.835 billion during the week ended july 6, according to the weekly ...

after a three-week wait, uti bank today received shareholders approval for its $1 billion (over rs 4,000 crore) capital raising ...

the board of directors of bank of india have approved a proposal to raise rs 1,995 crore via private placement of bonds at an ...

credit rating agency crisil has graded the initial public offering of kiri dyes and chemicals ltd with two points on a scale of ...

indian lenders may face marginally more bad mortgages because of higher interest rates, deepak parekh, chairman of housing ...

hdfc chairman deepakh parekh today cautioned investors against the increasing trend of setting up special purpose acquisition ...

an increasing number of contractors managing parking lots at malls, multiplexes and five-star hotels are buying parking insurance ...

finance minister p chidambaram is likely to announce a package of rs 1,815 crore for recapitalisation of ailing regional rural ...

thailand s baht was little changed, holding at the highest in almost a decade, after the government said measures to ease ...

india has ousted taiwan from the second spot in the asia-pacific private equity rankings in the first half of calendar 2007, ...

uti bank has seen 45 per cent surge in its net profit to rs 174.69 crore in the quarter ended june 30, 2007 against rs 120.05 ...

the call money rate ended soft today, despite the demand from banks to meet their daily reserve requirement, as liquidity ...

uti bank has decided to split its proposed capital raising plan under pressure from government-owned promoters and raise only ...

rupee recouped most of its intraday losses today as banks cut long dollar positions after dollar purchases by state-owned banks ...

the sops announced for exporters today have strengthened expectations that the rupee will appreciate further from the current ...

the next time you are admitted to an upscale hospital, read your medi-claim policy carefully. starting april 1, medical insurers ...

uti bank today reported a 45% increase in net profit at rs 174.98 crore for the first quarter ended june 30, 2007 when compared ...

hdfc chairman deepak parekh today voiced concern over special purpose acquisition companies (spacs) raising capital overseas for ...

the rupee fell almost 1% against the dollar on thursday afternoon, and dealers said central bank intervention was the main reason ...

anjali, a housewife, recently walked into her connaught place bank branch, where she has held a savings account for over a ...

in order to tap the life insurance market of uttar pradesh, bharti axa life insurance company ltd, a joint venture between the ...

the farmers in punjab and haryana will now be able to break the cobweb of private moneylenders as the punjab national bank has ...

hdfc bank, the country s second largest private sector bank, has sought time from the central bank till march 2008 to bring down ...

the perceived risk for owning debt of tata motors ltd., india s biggest maker of trucks, rose to the highest in almost a year as ...

metlife india insurance company will infuse rs 231 crore capital this year for meeting the solvency requirements and expanding ...

fourteen public sector banks will take a combined hit of rs 930 crore in 2007-08 on their rs 3,057 crore investments in the ...

government bonds shed most gains to end marginally up today as banks and primary dealers squared off positions due to continued ...

rupee ended little changed today as state-owned banks bought dollars after the rupee tended to rise on foreign fund inflows, ...

banks anticipating difficulties in adhering to reserve bank of india s (rbi) guidelines on valuation of properties want a model ...

banks, anticipating difficulties in adhering to the reserve bank of india (rbi) guideline on valuation of properties, want a ...

cashless transaction in urban areas and branchless banking in rural areas are the future of indian banking system, feels b ...

in a move that has irked many, maharashtra has directed all state-aided educational institutions to disburse salaries through the ...

as a part of an industry-academia partnership initiative, the country s largest private sector bank icici bank has been ...

the rand may gain 12.3 per cent against the yen after a three-fold increase in issuance of south african bonds to japanese ...

magma shrachi finance, a lender with a presence largely in rural and semi-urban areas, has targeted a 60-65 per cent increase in ...

sib reported 102 per cent increase in net profit by clocking rs 30.37 crore in q1 fy07-08. its net profit during the ...

south indian bank (sib), the thrissur-based private sector bank, will launch a rights issue of 2 crore shares, according to its ...

the wall street journal listed her among the 50 women to watch in 2006. naina lal kidwai, the first woman to ...

hdfc bank, the third largest lender by market capitalisation, has set the tone for the first quarter results of the banking ...

hdfc bank, the country s second largest private sector bank, today reported a 34 per cent rise in its net profit in the first ...

bank of india (boi) plans to focus on ploughing back profits than raising capital by diluting the government stake to strengthen ...

china s yuan rose the most since the end of a dollar link in july 2005 after asian currencies that the central bank uses to ...

the tata group will pick up to 4.6 per cent stake in development credit bank (dcb) through its newly-formed subsidiary tata ...

the rupee ended firm today on strong dollar sales by foreign institutional investors, but the dollar demand from reserve bank of ...

a lull in credit disbursals and skewed returns in the money and government bond markets has hit the banks hard, with some ...

reserve bank governor y v reddy today met finance minister p chidambaram here, and is understood to have discussed measures to ...

hdfc bank has posted a 34% increase in net profit at rs 321.23 crore for the quarter ended june 30, 2007 (q1fy08) when compared ...

the board of directors of development credit bank (dcb), which met today, approved a proposal to raise up to rs 310 crore by ...

the premium demanded on currency options from developing economies fell from a seven-month high as signs of faster economic ...

standard chartered bank (scb) has opened a global private banking hub in chennai to cater to the wealth management business of ...

general insurance firm united india insurance (uii) has launched three new health insurance policies, which would replace the ...

the 10-year bonds rose on speculation that slowing inflation will allow the central bank to cut debt sales intended to drain cash ...

banks are losing out on fee income as the reserve bank of india (rbi) is dragging its feet on allowing them to advice customers ...

the uk-based lloyd s, the world s leading provider of specialist insurance services, and leading global reinsurers, germany s ...

icici bank has opened a branch in jhajjar district of haryana to advise farmers how to invest the huge cash they are receiving on ...

icici bank joined the rs 1 trillion market capitalisation club today.icici bank has become the eighth company on the ...

ifci, the country s oldest financial institution, will invite bids later this month for the sale of 26% stake to a strategic ...

the yield on the 10-year government paper (8.07% 2017) dropped by nine basis points to 7.90% in early trades today as against the ...

australia-based insurance australia group (iag) is in advanced talks to buy a 26 per cent stake in hdfc chubb general insurance, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has opposed finance minister p chidambaram s budget proposal to use part of the foreign exchange ...

bank of maharashtra is planning a 30 per cent increase in rural credit over the last year in the fiscal 2007-08. last year the ...

commercial banks in kerala have surpassed the priority sector lending target for the fiscal 2006-07 to post a disbursement figure ...

interest rates may be peaking, but mutual funds and banks reluctance to look beyond five years has been forcing state-owned ...

the rupee seen in the 40.35-40.55 band against the greenback call rates to remain below reverse repo rate the yield on 10-year ...

unit-linked insurance plans (ulips) of private life insurers have outperformed the sensex over the last six months and three ...

the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), has decided to join hands with foreign funds to set up a $1 billion ...

icici bank, the largest lender by market capitalisation, is nearly doubling its borrowing limit to rs 2,00,000 crore, to largely ...

icici bank, the largest lender by market capitalisation, is nearly doubling its borrowing limit to rs 2,00,000 crore, largely to ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $937 million to $213.486 billion for the week ended june 29, according to the weekly ...

the country s largest home loan provider, icici bank, has reduced interest rates on floating rate home loans below rs 20 lakh by ...

icici bank, the country s largest private sector bank, is planning to borrow $1.5 billion, the largest loan raised by an indian ...

oriental insurance company has reported 75 per cent jump in net profit at rs 497 crore for 2006-07 compared with rs 284 crore in ...

state bank of india s (sbi) investment kitty now includes rs 300 crore worth of shares of its competitor and the second largest ...

icici bank is planning to borrow $1.5 billion, the largest loan raised by an indian bank, from banks overseas. we have ...

the board of directors of development credit bank (dcb) will meet on july 10 to consider a proposal to raise rs 310 ...

china will formally set up a new investment firm in september to manage the nation s massive foreign exchange reserves of over ...

star health and allied insurance co ltd, backed by the launch of new products in the current fiscal, is eyeing a premium income ...

crude oil prices soared over $70 a barrel for the first time in 10 months, but this has not set off alarm bells in the currency ...

banking and financial services sectors have emerged as the most active space for private equity (pe), capturing 75.9 per cent of ...

banks see interest rates staying at the current elevated levels for now. the country s largest lender, state bank of india (sbi), ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) has set a target of increasing the share of new business premium from traditional ...

banking solution for urban poor and rural masses through franchisee arrangements with micro-credit institutions would deliver ...

as a part of the decentralisation process and to provide prompt and qualitative service to the customer, the state bank of india ...

bank of baroda (bob), one of the fastest-growing public sector banks, plans to set up its first ever gennext branches targeting ...

banks want the government to bear the cost of providing cover under the proposed credit guarantee scheme for distressed farmers. ...

bank of maharashtra is planning to raise rs 650 crore in the current financial year through upper and lower tier-ii bonds to meet ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has eased the blanket ban it has imposed on opening of new branches by urban cooperative banks ...

the ghost of the 2001 stock market scam is haunting the banking sector again with the deposit insurance and credit guarantee ...

ubs ag, the swiss-based global financial services firm, will be investing $65 million (around rs 260 crore) this year to expand ...

credit suisse today said it has got investment banking licence from the securities and exchange board of india (sebi), allowing ...

the anil dhirubhai ambani group (a-dag) is open to have partners for its insurance and mutual fund businesses, its chairman anil ...

magma shrachi finance limited, a kolkata-based non-banking financial services company, will disburse retail loans worth rs 373 ...

for a larger pie in business opportunities thrown up by the rising cross-border acquisitions by indian companies, the country s ...

state bank of india (sbi) has embarked on a mission to strike it big in rural india. the country s largest bank dreams of ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) is launching a non-banking financial company (nbfc) targetting ...

yaga venugopal reddy, governor, reserve bank of india, said there is tangible evidence of self-accelerating growth of the ...

targeting the microcredit space, the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) is launching a non-banking ...

reliance capital is planning to invest over rs 2,000 crore in its life insurance business in the next few years. we will ...

the life insurance corporation (lic) has decided not to nominate any retired employee as a director on the board of the almost 90 ...

investment banking outfit icici securities (i-sec) has emerged as the top fund mobiliser in the domestic primary market in the ...

abn amro bank today reported a 59 per cent rise in net profit of its india branches for the year ended march 2007 on the back of ...

centurion bank of punjab (cbop) and south indian bank (sib) are planning to raise capital over the next 12 months to fund their ...

the state bank of travancore (sbt) has revised interest rates for foreign currency non-resident (fcnr) and non-resident external ...

t s vijayan has completed a year as chairman of insurance behemoth life insurance corporation of india. in an interview ...

the finance ministry is having a relook at the entire financial sector regulations and legislations to determine how they compare ...

non-life insurers are in the process of preparing a roadmap to ensure that none of them engage in cartelisation when the ...

as reits (real estate investment trusts) are yet to take shape in india, about a half a dozen realty firms have started the ...

anand khushwaha, a small delhi-based exporter of imitation jewellry, has been inundated by e-mails from his customers in the ...

financial institutions operating in mysore district have mobilised deposits of rs 5,875.57 crore as on march 31, 2007, a growth ...

the government today acquired the reserve bank of india s (rbi) shareholding in state bank of india (sbi) for rs 35,531.33 crore. ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has raised the cap on advance payments (without bank guarantee) for direct import of plane to $50 ...

inflation should be ideally and optimally closer to 3 per cent over a period so that global integration becomes smoother, reserve ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) is likely to frame the guidelines on exchangeable bonds and issuance of ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $1.534 billion to $212.459 billion during the week ended june 22, according to the weekly ...

y v reddy, governor, reserve bank of india, today said the central bank is still analysing inflation numbers. the target ...

the government today acquired the reserve bank s shareholding in the state bank of india for rs 35,531.33 crore.an ...

private sector lender south indian bank (sib) today posted an over 100% jump in net profit at rs 104.12 crore for the fiscal ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is mulling putting in place a housing stat index survey to record the progress in the housing ...

the mumbai-headquartered saraswat co-operative bank is on a buying binge and plans to acquire seven co-operative banks by the end ...

crisil, the country s largest rating agency and a subsidiary of standard poor s , today released first bank loan ratings, ...

state bank of india (sbi) has set itself on a transformation path to scale up its profile to match that of the private and ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, has put on hold equity issues by its seven associate banks for the next ...

state bank of india (sbi) has decided to increase the equated monthly instalments (emis) on floating rate home loans for the ...

prudential financial, the second-largest life insurer in the us, today announced plans to enter the investment-services business ...

housing development finance corporation chairman deepak parekh today said interest rates have almost peaked with inflation ...

the uk-based life insurance company standard life will increase its stake in hdfc standard life insurance company to 26 per cent ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) is believed to be talking with ge capital services, the largest issuer of private ...

state bank of india, visakhapatnam module, will open 10 more branches in the city during this fiscal. the vizag zone controls 197 ...

the overnight call rates shot up and closed around 6.75 per cent on wednesday following a sudden tightening of liquidity in the ...

national housing bank (nhb), the principal financial institution refinancing housing finance companies, is planning to set up a ...

the specified undertaking of unit trust of india (suuti) and the life insurance corporation (lic), the principal promoter ...

hdfc chairman deepak parekh today said interest rates have peaked, and are likely to remain stable in the next six months, while ...

the country could emerge as the third-largest domestic credit market in the world after united states and china by 2040, and, in ...

the andhra pradesh state financial corporation (apsfc), the state-owned non-banking finance agency catering to the requirements ...

the infrastructure development finance company (idfc), the nation s biggest infrastructure lender, has roped in citigroup, ubs, ...

bank of baroda (bob) has initiated discussions with the hyderabad-based andhra bank to form a tripartite venture to foray into ...

standard chartered bank is planning to scale up its microfinance business in india. the bank which has a microfinance portfolio ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has raised concerns over the high level of defaults in the project finance portfolio of banks. ...

national housing bank (nhb), the principal agency refinancing housing finance companies, is planning to set up a mortgage ...

three days after it rejected icici bank s proposal to divest 24 per cent in icici financial services, the holding company for the ...

state bank of india needs capital in excess of rs 60,000 crore ($15 billion) in the next three years to develop its business and ...

reliance money, the financial distribution company of the anil dhirubhai ambani group, has signed an agreement with cmc ltd, a ...

bank of america (boa) today reported a 35 per cent rise in the net profit of its india branches in the year ended march 2007, ...

hongkong and shanghai banking corporation (hsbc)reported a 64 per cent increase in the net profits of its indian branches for the ...

higher credit offtake combined with robust deposit growth saw six public sector banks cross the landmark rs 100,000 crore figure ...

uti bank has deferred its $600 million global depository receipts (gdr) issue as well as the simultaneous preferential offer to ...

putting up a brave front over allegations by non-official directors, the management of punjab and sind bank (psb) today asked the ...

indusind bank today got a $50 million credit line from wachovia bank. the funds under this credit line will be utilised ...

bank of america (boa) today said its indian operations has clocked a 35% rise in after-tax profit at rs 195 crore for the year ...

hongkong and shanghai banking corporation today reported a 64% increase in the net profit of its branches in india for the year ...

faced with a deadlock over the pension fund regulatory and development authority (pfrda) bill due to stiff opposition from the ...

while the government is encouraging mergers among banks to create mega banks of international size in the country, a recent move ...

the government is planning to relax the recent diktat of clubbing non-convertible, optionally convertible or partially ...

as competition from the market-savvy private sector non-life insurance players intensifies, public sector non-life insurers are ...

srei infrastructure finance is set to be the first indian company to go for islamic financing for over rs 200 crore loan. the ...

icici bank, whose follow-on public offer has attracted the highest-ever investment proposal of over rs 1,20,000 crore, is likely ...

with huge liquidity in the money market, partly contributed by capital flows, the interest rates were expected to soften in the ...

a robust growth in corporate business helped citigroup india s net profit grow 39 per cent to rs 1,566 crore in 2006-07 from rs ...

icici bank s follow-on public offer has attracted the highest-ever investment proposals of over rs 120,000 crore, twice as much ...

fipb no to fdi in icici holding co...

the foreign investment promotion board (fipb) of the finance ministry today rejected icici bank s proposal to sell 24 per cent in ...

us-based financial services major citigroup today reported a 39% rise in net profit of its india operations for the year ended ...

the state bank of india (sbi) has amended an ordinance in the sbi act, 1955 to enable the transfer of the reserve bank of india s ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $1.468 billion to $211.015 billion for the week ended june 15, according to the weekly ...

yogesh agarwal has been appointed the chairman and managing director of idbi for three years effective july 1, ...

a virtual war has broken out in the public sector punjab and sind bank with five non-official directors attacking the chairman, ...

bank of india has signed the acquisition deed for acquiring 76% stake in pt bank swadesi, indonesia.according to a ...

allahabad bank is targetting a business growth at a compounded rate of upto 25 per cent so that by the end of 2010 the bank ...

the karur-based lakshmi vilas bank (lvb) posted a net loss of rs 1.91 crore during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007 against a ...

the kolkata-based allahabad bank is targeting a business of rs two lakh crore by 2010 at a compounded annual growth rate of 20-25 ...

deutsche bank today reported 73 per cent increase in its net profit in 2006-07 on a sharp jump in interest income, reflecting ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is of the view that banks in india do not price credit risk appropriately and are in danger of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is of the view that banks in india do not price credit risk appropriately, and are in danger of ...

the indian operations of deutsche bank today reported a 73% increase in net profit in financial year 2006-07 on a sharp ...

warburg pincus, a us-based private equity firm, has put in the highest bid worth rs 5,000 crore for icici bank shares, which is ...

with most banks jumping on to the reverse mortgage products bandwagon, gruh finance ltd had adopted a wait and watch policy ...

federal bank, one of the largest old generation private sector banks of the country, has received approval from the central bank ...

buoyed by the impressive performance of its hyderabad office during the last financial year, mumbai-based mortgage lender gic ...

birla sun life insurance, which was the first life insurance company in india to enable purchase of insurance policies through ...

swiss re, a diversified global insurer, has set up an advisory firm, swiss re healthcare services, in india. the new entity will ...

indusind bank has appointed r seshasayee as the non-executive chairman for a period of two years.seshasayee is currently ...

the domestic follow-on public offer (fpo) of icici bank has been subscribed 3.10 times till 1400 hrs today, according to data on ...

srei infrastructure finance ltd has posted a 98 per cent growth in net profit for the quarter ended march 31, 2007 at rs 31.5 ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has finally retreated from its position that uti bank split the post of chairman and managing ...

in an effort to improve the economic status of the poor people through dedicated corporate programmes, at least two nationalised ...

lic housing finance will launch a reverse mortgage product within a month, s k mitter, director and chief executive, said here on ...

foreign banks say they have been caught in a conflict situation with respect to the manner in which the reserve bank of india ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is unlikely to raise further the ceiling on government bonds it can issue under the market ...

global rating agency standard poor s today assigned bb rating, indicating non-investment grade, to the state bank of ...

state bank of india, the country s biggest, hired citigroup and jpmorgan chase for a $225 million debt sale, according to an ...

kolkata-based uco bank is planning to open more branches in mohali, ludhiana and bhiwani as part of its plans to open 57 more ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked nine banks, including the state bank of india and punjab national bank, to transfer ...

after learning a lesson from the past, icici bank has resumed financing against warehouse receipts after blocking the gaps in ...

icici bank has resumed financing against warehouse receipts after filling the gaps in risk management practices. in 2006, the ...

icici bank has received a host of offers for its proposed offer of 5.9 per cent stake in its subsidiary, icici financial ...

tata aig life insurance company, a private life insurance player, is planning to add rural health insurance product to its rural ...

icici bank has fixed a price band of rs 885 to rs 950 per share for its follow-on public offer (fpo) of rs 8,750 crore. the issue ...

the country s largest bank, state bank of india (sbi), has decided to buy shares of its competitor and the second largest lender, ...

standard chartered bank on friday launched private banking operations in india. it plans to launch this service in the country s ...

icici bank is offering baits to entice retail investors to invest in its equity share issue aimed at mobilising rs 10,062.5 crore ...

uti bank , the third largest private bank of the country, has chalked out a plan to increase its lending in orissa by 55 per cent ...

gilt prices rose sharply today, recouping most of the losses suffered last week, as investors tried to build positions before ...

attractive valuation of small-cap and mid-cap stocks, compared with their large-cap counterparts, has led the domestic fund ...

idbi bank will set up a mutual fund subsidiary with idbi capital markets, its wholly-owned subsidiary, once its proposed life ...

the practice of banks providing unsecured short-term loans to corporates at low interest rates in place of working capital loans ...

the assets under management (aum) of the top 10 liquid schemes in may surged 51.3 per cent, from a month ago, to over rs 70,000 ...

goldman sachs will be one of the key investors in icici financial services, the proposed insurance and asset management ...

idbi bank will form a mutual fund subsidiary with idbi capital markets, its wholly-owned subsidiary, once its proposed life ...

the industrial development bank of india (idbi) is planning to raise $1.5 billion in a medium-term note issue, v p shetty, ...

birla sun life insurance company is planning to double its capital base to arrest the company s depleting market share and attain ...

the country s largest private sector bank, icici bank, plans to raise rs 8,750 crore in the domestic market through a follow-on ...

the life insurance industry clocked 49 per cent growth in new businesses, while general insurance players saw 16 per cent ...

non-life insurers may soon get the freedom in pricing their products with the insurance regulatory development authority (irda) ...

icici bank, the country s largest private sector bank, will raise rs 8,750 crore in the domestic market through a follow-on ...

icici bank today said it has received offers from various investors for 5.9% stake in its proposed new subsidiary worth rs 2,650 ...

icici financial services, icici bank s subsidiary which owns its insurance and asset management businesses, will offload 5.9 per ...

hdfc bank s is extending the modern day banking to rural parts of the country by augmenting its presence in gujarat by increasing ...

finance minister p chidambaram today said the government s additional borrowing in the first half of 2007-08 will be utilised to ...

the asian development bank has put on hold its plans to raise rupee-denominated bonds in the indian market due to a rise in ...

concerns that banks gilts portfolio may depreciate in the first quarter of 2007-08 have resurfaced with government bond yields ...

icici financial services, icici bank s subsidiary which owns its insurance and asset management businesses, will offload 5.9% ...

icici bank has received the nod from the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) for its follow-on public offer (fpo). the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked banks to explain the reasons for the high charges levied on basic services, including ...

if it took five years (2001-06) for corporate bonds to mobilise rs 2,79,535 crore through private placements, while they mopped ...

the indian banking sector has overcome concerns pertaining to the rising cost of funds and an increase in provisioning ...

the second phase of detariffed insurance (that allows insurance companies to offer unique products) is set to be advanced by ...

private lender jammu and kashmir bank today said it planned to list on overseas bourses to raise funds and gain an international ...

riding high on the increasing foreign interest to invest in india, kotak mahindra bank is all set to expand its international ...

the pension fund regulatory and development authority (pfrda) today invited bids from four select public sector financial ...

an overdose of auctions of treasury bills and dated securities worth rs 22,000 crore in a span of one week and preparations for ...

manipal-headquartered public sector syndicate bank plans to grow its business through the inorganic route. the bank, which is ...

the all india reserve bank employees association (airbea) has demanded that rbi should stop outsourcing its work as it involves ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is planning to bring a new consumer price index (cpi) as the present indices, both the cpi and ...

timesofmoney, a part of the times group, is planning to soon create a global financial supermall by providing a host of personal ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is exploring the use of a dollar sell-buy swap to drain liquidity from the banking system, having ...

icici bank s follow-on public issue, speculated to be in the range of rs 10,000-11,000 crore, is likely to open in the third week ...

life insurance corporation of india is reducing its exposure to real estate stocks, taking a cue from the banking regulator, the ...

as soon as general insurers are freed from the shackles of standard products, they could offer a motor insurance policy that ...

in a major boost to the domestic mutual fund industry, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today eased norms for their overseas ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has announced enhanced auctions of treasury bills and government bonds totalling rs 22,000 crore ...

the reserve bank of india has barred companies from raising funds overseas through issue of optionally and partially convertible ...

the state bank of india (sbi) has become the first foreign bank to open a branch in israel s diamond exchange. we ...

rupee has shed gains to the dollar to hit the lowest level of 41.03 $ in early noon deals as against a close of 40.70 $ ...

tuticorin-based tamilnad mercantile bank (tmb) has posted 4.53% growth in net profit at rs 105.78 crore for fy07 as against rs ...

s a bhat, former executive director of uco bank, is now on the board of indian overseas bank (iob), as chairman and managing ...

state bank of hyderabad today introduced express clearing in the twin cities of hyderabad and secunderabad, a new service that ...

the state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest lender, has raised about rs 2,500 crore capital through upper tier- ii bonds ...

the world s first rupee futures contracts debuted on the dubai gold commodities exchange (dgcx) today, recording a modest ...

commercial banks are at loggerheads with the banking codes and standards board of india (bcsbi) over the manner in which the body ...

banks were awash with liquidity as outflows on account of government bond auctions paled in comparison to the rupees injected ...

operations at all branches of state bank of india across the country are likely to be hit tomorrow as its officers federation ...

state-level banker s committee (slbc) of gujarat has approached the state government to waive the stamp duty on the bank mortgage ...

kotak mahindra bank has tied up with taxshax.com to help customers file tax returns in a simple, secure and efficient manner. the ...

the indian rupee will revisit the gulf after over three decades, though not physically, as dubai will have the world s only ...

jpmorgan chase bank, the only global bank to have integrated trade logistics services with its financing solutions, plans to ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) is likely to subscribe to the uti bank s preferential offer of equity shares to allow ...

the policy actions and the large base effect from the previous year are expected to soften rising price trends, according to c ...

gujarat s co-operative banks are back on the growth trajectory after a long hiatus that followed the collapse of the madhavpura ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has told foreign banks that it could not consider setting up of administrative offices and ...

icici bank may raise $2.5 billion in the biggest overseas share sale by an indian company, sources close to the development ...

commercial banks are up in arms against a proposal that seeks to direct them to extend a certain portion of their loans to small ...

to enhance participation of banks and financial institutions in infrastructure financing, the seven-member deepak parekh ...

in an initiative to extend a helping hand to farmers, the malappuram-based south malabar gramin bank (smgb) plans to set up a ...

india infrastructure finance , the state-owned lender that set up a fund with blackstone group lp and citigroup inc, plans to ...

a massive liquidity outflow of over rs 40,000 crore in the coming weeks is expected to pull back the overnight call rates from ...

bank of baroda (bob) is planning to launch reverse mortgage loans (rml) for senior citizens. the bank will make periodic payments ...

the sharp rise in home loan rates of private sector banks is forcing their customers to switch loyalties. the customers are ...

dsp merrill lynch is looking at significant growth in its assets under advice in the private client advisory business in india. ...

in order to provide affordable houses to the economically weaker section (ews), the reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor ...

it s happening all over the industry. professionals, after working through the corporate ladder for quite some time, are taking a ...

india s restrictive policies and political instability could lead to a deceleration in investment growth, weaker private ...

rating agency icra is looking at opportunities in knowledge process outsourcing (kpo). this is a part of icra s plan to grow both ...

doing away with the clutter of forms required for different kinds of overseas investments by corporates and individuals, the ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) has approached the reserve bank of india (rbi) and the central board of direct ...

the entrepreneurial bug and lure of equity are inducing senior executives of reputed multi-national investment banks to make ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has replaced six existing forms for different kinds of overseas investments by corporates and ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor, rakesh mohan today urged housing finance companies to look at designing home ...

for the last two years, the home loan borrower has been facing the brunt of high interest rates. the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

punjab national bank (pnb) today increased interest rate on foreign currency non-resident (b) deposit scheme for dollar, british ...

with liquidity flooding the markets, banks were lending money virtually for free in the overnight market on friday as rates ...

uti bank shareholders today approved the appointment of p j nayak as executive chairman in accordance with the banking regulation ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has warned that banks will not be able to sustain infrastructure financing as their long-term ...

cutting short the overnight steep fall, the rupee on thursday recovered smartly to close 26 paise up at 40.60 61 against the us ...

the flow of institutional credit to agriculture has exceeded the target for the third consecutive year in 2006-07. the actual ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will continue to manage exchange rate volatility even when the rate becomes more flexible, as it ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) feels that the concept of arriving at benchmark prime lending rates (bplr) needs to be made more ...

the continued abundance of liquidity today pushed the call rate, at which banks lend to one another for the night, to 0.5 per ...

the overnight inter-bank call money rate fell to 1.25 per cent at the close of trading in the money market today, down from ...

rupee futures, to be soon launched by the dubai gold and commodities exchange, is likely to be a preferred hedging and investment ...

the public sector banks (psbs) are stung by the departure of a large number of officers for greener pastures. the managements now ...

yes bank has launched a $100 million food and agribusiness india fund. the private equity fund plans to invest the entire amount ...

the government today asked banks in the gulf countries to register themselves as foreign institutional investors (fii) so ...

a consensus is emerging among economists, bankers and companies that the rupee, which touched a nine-year high of 40.28 to the ...

the government-owned life insurance corporation (lic) has finalised corporation bank as a partner for its credit card foray and ...

citigroup is expanding its relationship with housing development finance corporation (hdfc) beyond the stake it owns in the ...

there seems to be a consensus among economists, bankers and companies that the rupee, which touched a new nine-year high of 40.28 ...

canara bank today reported 10.8% surge in consolidated net profit for the full-year ended march 31, 2007, at rs 1,528.37 crore as ...

standard chartered, a uk bank that makes most of its money in asia, plans to double the number of its private banking units to 20 ...

a rapid growth in loan portfolios in 2006-07 has seen the proportion of non-performing assets (npas) of listed public sector ...

new zealand billionaire, christopher chandler s legatum group bought a $4.5 million stake in mumbai-based financial information ...

hits 9-yr high of 40.28, closes at 40.51.

life insurance corporation of india (lic) s south central zone (scz) has secured the top spot at an all-india level by collecting ...

asset reconstruction companies (arcs) will have to obtain a rating for securities receipts (sr) it issues against bad loans ...

icici holdings, icici bank s subsidiary which owns its insurance and asset management businesses, is selling 5 per cent stake to ...

the indian rupee to touched a fresh 9-year high at 40.28 $ in mid-morning trades.however, buying by the central bank ...

karur vysya bank limited, a leading private bank in the south, is eyeing a deposits target of rs 12,000 crore and rs 9,020 crore ...

state bank of india (sbi) will expand its footprints in one lakh more villages in the next two years, mounting a further ...

foreign exchange reserves declined $9 million to $203.982 billion for the week ended may 18, according to data released by the ...

bank of baroda (bob) will be opening 10 overseas offices this year, with the first one coming up in trinidad and tobago in port ...

indusind bank today reported net profit of rs 21.40 crore in the fourth quarter of 2006-07 against a loss of rs 62.40 crore a ...

centurion bank of punjab s net profit for the quarter ended march 31, 2007 rose by 8 per cent to rs 28.01 crore from rs 26.04 ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will bring global payment systems such as mastercard international and visa international under ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc), india s leading housing finance company, will raise rs 3,114 crore through a ...

syndicate bank is seeking shareholders approval for the proposed follow-on public offer (fpo) of eight crore shares to meet ...

union bank of india has chalked out a development plan to mark its presence in the hitherto untouched regions of uttar pradesh. ...

the government has allowed banks to foray into pension fund management. according to banking sources, the change has been done ...

bank of india (boi) visakhapatnam zone registered mobilised rs 177 crore new deposits in the financial year 2006-07 as against rs ...

the state bank of travancore (sbt), which posted rs 56,065-crore business by the end of march 2007, has charted out plans to ...

after opening representative office in shanghai recently, the mumbai-based union bank of india will set up three more overseas ...

tamilnad mercantile bank (tmb) has entered into an agreement with the abu dhabi-based uae exchange centre llc to offer money ...

the investigative arm of the monopolies and restrictive trade practices (mrtp) commission has in a primary information report ...

deposit rates will continue their upward march in 2007-08 as banks fight intensely for resources to feed high octane credit ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi), which has already raised the cash reserve ratio (crr) thrice since december last year, is ...

deposit rates will continue their upward march in 2007-08 as banks fight intensely for resources to feed high-octane credit ...

icici bank has offered to provide cheap loans to industries for replacing chlorofluorocarbons (cfc) emitting refrigerating units, ...

k v kamath, ceo, icici bank today said interest rates were moderating but any further rise could put pressure on the ...

in the backdrop of concerns voiced by senior citizens and in order to study the issues involved as well as to make ...

the government is reviewing norms for investments by foreign venture capital funds in real estate, after the reserve bank of ...

the vijayawada module of state bank of india (sbi), covering 187 branches in krishna, guntur and west godavari districts, ...

the group of ministers, deliberating on the draft amendments to insurance acts, are not in favour of allowing the four public ...

punjab national bank is set to float a credit card joint venture with australian financial major anz in a couple of months. the ...

higher provisioning saw the country s second largest public sector lender punjab national bank s net profit falling by 17 per ...

punjab national bank (pnb) today said it will dilute the government holding in the bank from 57.1% to 51% this year, in order to ...

punjab national bank (pnb) today reported a 7% increase in net profit at rs 1,540.08 crore for the year ended march 31, 2007 when ...

hsbc holdings said resources mergers banker rajat kohli is leaving the company to help advise arcelor mittal on potential mergers ...

the government proposes to treat the investments by foreign institutional investors in pre initial public offers (ipos) of real ...

kumbakonam-based city union bank (cub) s net profit during the fourth quarter of fy07 rose by 36.81 per cent to rs 25.98 crore ...

the investment panel of the employees provident fund has recommended 8.25 per cent interest rate for 2007-08 (april-march) to be ...

when the entire banking system was starved of liquidity in march, icici bank, the country s second largest bank, was busy lending ...

central bank of india has filed its draft prospectus with the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) for an initial public ...

icici bank has stepped up its support to realty market in mysore by launching a 48-hour home loan-processing scheme. the fast ...

federal bank s net profit for the quarter ended march 31, 2007 increased by 95 per cent to rs 99.25 crore from rs 50.73 a year ...

syndicate bank is planning to hit the capital market with follow-on public offer of eight crore equity shares (face value rs 10 ...

standard chartered bank s indian operations reported 51 per cent rise in net profit in 2006-07 to rs 1,364 crore from rs 904.8 ...

corporation bank has gone ahead and launched its credit card business following delays in its proposed joint credit card foray ...

with the objective of imparting training on agriculture and allied activities to farmers, punjab national bank (pnb), in ...

to achieve financial inclusion in rural india, state bank of india (sbi) has taken up a plan to reach 100,000 unbannked villages ...

liquiditycrunch unlikelyliquidity in the banking system is expected to remain comfortable supported by coupon ...

under the financial inclusion plan, the state bank of india (sbi) has chalked out a programme to provide banking services to ...

the government is likely to make the entry of foreign companies to indian bourses easier by diluting the indian depository ...

indian corporate houses have stepped up the tempo for overseas mergers and acquisitions (m as) in 2006-07. keeping pace with ...

in order to enhance financial assistance to minority communities, the reserve bank has included them under the ambit of weaker ...

public sector entities life insurance corporation, uti amc, state bank of india and punjab national bank are among the ...

investments by oil companies to unincorporated entities for overseas operations such as drilling and explorations will no longer ...

in a move that would provide some comfort to indian globe trotters, reserve bank of india (rbi) on friday doubled to six months ...

hdfc bank proposes to raise rs 4,200 crore through a mix of preference shares to its promoters and domestic and overseas equity ...

kotak mahindra bank ltd will soon launch general insurance policy distribution within the next two or three weeks for which a ...

reserve bank of india governor y v reddy today said the lower inflation limit of 4.0-4.5 per cent set for the medium term is ...

andhra bank will introduce new schemes aimed at the self-help groups (shgs). the two schemes, swapping debts of shgs and bridge ...

the insurance regulatory development authority of india (irda) has cleared the r1 applications for three proposed insurance ...

barclays bank today launched its retail and commercial banking service in india. so far, the bank operated in the country through ...

you need not visit a bank branch or log on to internet for transferring money from your account. just walk into an automated ...

life insurance corporation of india is interested in picking up stakes in banks that have good financials and performance, with ...

the board of directors of hdfc bank, which met today, approved a proposal to raise additional capital of rs 4,200 crore or $1 ...

the four unlisted associates of the state bank of india propose to raise rs 2000-3000 crore from the market in the calendar year ...

with a business mix of about rs 1.5 lakh crore, mumbai-based union bank of india has positioned itself as a national bank. for ...

the government proposes to restructure the equity of new delhi-based punjab and sind bank for enabling it to access the capital ...

the booming consumer finance space and the growing opportunities in corporate finance is forcing foreign banks to set shop in ...

with high volatility caused by huge capital inflows becoming a major headache for the reserve bank of india, its former deputy ...

rural credit development bank nabard has set a refinance target of rs 17,000 crore to institutions for rural credit during the ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) plans to buy out chubb global financial services corporation of the us (chubb ...

stocks of state bank of india s three subsidiaries hit the upper circuit on the bourses with the lok sabha today clearing the sbi ...

icici bank is likely to offer its shares at a discount to the retail investors in its forthcoming equity issue, said the bank in ...

aviva life insurance may see a delayed break-even owing to the high rate of growth it has witnessed in 2006. the company ...

the commercial banks have begun issuing passbooks and account statements to the customers every month without charging any fees, ...

dhanalakshmi bank reported a significant growth in net profit at rs 16.14 crore in fy07 as compared with rs 9.52 crore during the ...

state bank of india, the country s largest, said it would be at the mercy of industrial commercial bank of china unless the ...

securities trading corporation of india (stci), a primary dealer in government securities, will sell its entire stake in uti ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has rejected indusind bank s application to appoint michael bastin as the non-executive chairman ...

most foreign and private banks are staying away from the interbank market owing to volatile rates and a directive from the ...

indian bank s net profit rose 50.60 per cent to rs 759.77 crore for the year ended march 31 compared with rs 504.47 crore a year ...

even though the life insurance corporation of india increased its market share to 74 per cent in terms of total new business ...

lic housing finance posted over two-fold increase in profit after tax (pat) at rs 89.14 crore for the quarter ended march 31 ...

reflecting the huge inflow of overseas funds and need to stem sharp appreciation in the value of the rupee, the reserve bank of ...

your credit card bill could rise if you do not have a good credit history. the interest rates on credit cards, which were ...

issuances by state bank of india and icici bank, the country s two premier lenders, are only two in a series of share and debt ...

the west bengal state cooperative bank (wbscb) posted a lower net profit at rs 10.01 crore (rs 14.05 crore in 2005-06), largely ...

the monopolies and restrictive trade practices commission s investigation net has now fallen on private lender icici bank for ...

liquidity is expected to remain comfortable this week following government expenditure and coupon redemption. since the rbi has ...

the state bank of india posted a better-than-expected net profit in the quarter ended march 31, 2007 on the back of huge rise in ...

icici bank has raised (great britan pound) 350 million through a medium term note (mtn)at an interest rate of 83 basis points ...

the best thing you can buy from an insurance company is an insurance policy . however, the sad truth is, most of us look at ...

icici bank has raised 350 million through a medium-term note at an interest rate of 83 basis points over the three-year uk ...

the board of directors of bank of rajasthan, which met today, approved a proposal to issue bonus shares in the ratio of 1 4 i.e ...

state bank of india (sbi) today reported a 15% increase in consolidated net profit at rs 6,364.38 crore for the year ended march ...

banks are considering levying a charge of rs 50 on high-value cheques, while making local payments through real time gross ...

uk-headquartered standard chartered bank is set to become the third foreign player to enter the indian retail stock brokerage ...

the cut-off yield announced in the government securities auction today has further marred the sentiment in the market, which was ...

foreign exchange reserves declined $126 million to $204.009 billion for the week ended may 4, according to the weekly supplement ...

even as liquidity has eased, the underlying fear of continuing tightness still remains. with call rates ruling in the range of ...

china has pledged not to sell large amounts of us dollar-denominated assets while diversifying its record foreign exchange ...

rupee dropped the most in six weeks on speculation importers used the local currency s recent gain to exchange it for dollars to ...

life insurance companies through the life insurance council (a body representing all life insurers) propose to approach the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has come down heavily on banks authorised to import gold for tying up with non-nominated banks, ...

click here for videosbi ...

french banking group bnp paribas sa today said it will acquire 49.9 per cent stake in sundaram home finance (shfl) for rs 196.98 ...

the proposal of the government on issuing innovative instruments as exchangeable bonds and use of foreign exchange reserves for ...

sks microfinance and citibank have entered into a rs 180-crore financing programme, which involves citibank india purchasing ...

corporation bank will launch its own credit card in may, six months after forging a strategic alliance with oriental bank of ...

the oriental insurance company is planning to introduce some value-added motor insurance products to take advantage of the ...

state bank of india (sbi) is finally getting into merchant acquisition business to increase its fee-based revenues and credit ...

western union, which is into money transfer services, on wednesday entered into a strategic alliance with guntur-based ...

canara bank, the country s third largest bank, has set its sights on mid-sized dena bank and has appointed ernst young to ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) apparent tolerance level for the appreciation of the rupee has been increasing, much to the ...

government bonds ended higher today on the back of a fall in overnight call and cblo rates, which dropped due to the robust ...

the reserve bank of india s directive to banks to impose a ceiling on the interest charged, including processing and other ...

riding high on increased advances, syndicate bank recorded a net profit of rs 104 crore in q4 2006-07, over 10 times compared ...

kotak mahindra bank s net profit for the quarter ended march 31, 2007, rose by 7.5 per cent to rs 37.3 crore against rs 34.7 ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has banned non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) from extending loans to its directors and ...

the directive by reserve bank of india (rbi) to put a ceiling on interest, including processing and other charges, on small value ...

kotak mahindra bank s net profit for the quarter ended march 31, 2007 rose 7.5% to rs 37.3 crore from rs 34.7 crore in the ...

syndicate bank has posted a consolidated net profit of rs 716.11 crore for the year ended march 31, 2007.according to an ...

state bank of india s local headoffice at chennai has signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with hyderabad-based heritage ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) has directed the urban cooperative banks to stop all transactions in the 918 non-banking financial ...

the reserve bank of india has asked old private sector banks to scout for long-term partners to help them achieve their banking ...

the rupee erased all its gains to end steady today, as dollar demand from importers led banks to cover their earlier sold ...

merrill lynch company and franklin resources are increasing purchases of indian government debt, predicting the central ...

the softening in the bulk deposit market since march has been much less than expected, with the private sector banks continuing ...

new york life investment management india fund has picked up a minority stake in the bangalore-based avestha gengraine ...

the reserve bank of india is in the process of reworking the definition of commercial real estate. the revision is aimed at ...

union bank of india has announced a reduction in interest rates of home loans of up to rs 20 lakh by 50 basis points effective ...

public sector banks punjab national bank and oriental bank of commerce have raised home loan rates by one percentage point and ...

employees of central and 10 state governments, who joined service after january 2004, will get the feel of investing in mutual ...

after the reserve bank of india, it is now the turn of life insurance corporation (lic) to oppose the move by the securities and ...

icici bank plans to hire goldman sachs and merrill lynch to help sell about $5 billion of stock, the largest share sale by an ...

companies will now have to pay a charge for loans sanctioned to them but not utilised. from this year, banks are required to set ...

development credit bank, promoted by the aga khan fund for economic development (akfed), is exploring the option of adr gdr along ...

corporation bank (corp bank) is looking at acquiring a bank in the west or north and may rope in oic alliance partners - indian ...

us financial major ge money, the consumer finance unit of general electric, has decided to exit the two-wheeler finance business ...

r-money, the anil ambani group s retail brokerage arm which offers trading on on-shore and offshore exchanges, plans to set up ...

financial institutions (fis), led by the general insurance corporation of india and the life insurance corporation of india, have ...

the reserve bank of india has recommended the names of state bank of india (sbi) and bank of india (boi) to its pakistani ...

with the inflation rate expected to go down from 6 per cent (currently) to five per cent in the next three months, the country s ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $254 million to $204.135 billion for the week ended april 27, according to data released by ...

hdfc has recorded a rise of 25 per cent in net profit at rs 1570.38 crore for the year ended 2006-07, compared with rs 1257.3 ...

chennai-based alegion insurance services limited is eyeing rs 350 crore premium this fiscal as against rs 100 crore achieved last ...

the bank of maharashtra has chalked out major expansion plans for punjab and haryana. the bank will add 50 branches across the ...

ing vysya bank is all set to ramp up its business in india. after ing took full control of the bank s management in 2002, the ...

for tapping high growth units in special economic zones (sezs), a host of indian banks had established offshore banking units ...

with its recent entry into india, aig global investment group (aiggig) has plans to roll out new schemes in sectors such as real ...

export import bank of india (exim bank) plans to step up its funding support to corporates, especially small and medium ...

the bombay high court has ruled that life insurance corporation of india (lic) has to honour claims made by lenders, that is ...

transfer of insurance policies may now be allowed only on certain conditions.the insurance regulatory development authority ...

state bank of mysore (sbm) reported 6.46 per cent rise in net profit to rs 83.98 crore for the fourth quarter-ended march 31, ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh) has announced a revision of interest rates on domestic term deposits with effect from may 1, 2007. ...

andhra bank will hold 25 per cent equity in a joint venture bank being promoted in malaysia in association with bank of baroda ...

in a major relief to banks, the reserve bank of india today allowed the banks to include direct finance to corporates for ...

the uti bank board has found a way to retain p j nayak at the helm by recommending his name as the executive chairman for two ...

gruh finance ltd, a subsidiary of hdfc ltd, is likely to enter three more states by the year 2010 increasing it presence from ...

the capital adequacy of banks will fall by 50 basis points in 2007-08 and by as much as 75 basis points each in the second and ...

in a major relief to banks, the reserve bank of india today included direct finance to corporates for agriculture and allied ...

uti bank will now be known as axis bank, following a board recommendation at a meeting in mumbai today. the change would be ...

bank of maharashtra registered a net profit of rs 75.27 crore in the fourth quarter ending march 2007, while it registered a loss ...

deccan grameena bank (dgb), sponsored by state bank of hyderabad, is planning to add 10 branches this year to its existing ...

vijaya bank has returned to profitability and registered a net profit of rs 63.65 crore in the fourth quarter of 2006-08 compared ...

uco bank today posted 61.22 per cent increase in net profit to rs 316 crore for 2006-07 against rs 196 crore in the same period ...

andhra bank s net profit for the quarter ended march 31, 2007, recorded almost zero growth at rs 138.77 crore on a total income ...

with the number of life insurers launching health insurance products increasing fast, sbi life insurance too has announced its ...

vijaya bank today reported a net profit of rs 63.65 crore for the fourth quarter ended march 31, 2007 when compared with a net ...

the board of directors of uti bank, which met today, approved a proposal to change the name of the bank to axis ...

it s raining dollars in the indian stock market as overseas investments on the local bourses this year have already crossed the ...

several small companies are raising private equity (pe) to meet their capital expenditure needs instead of tapping the primary ...

karur vysya bank (kvb), a leading private bank in the south, has signed an mou with idbi capital market services limited to offer ...

metlife india insurance has launched two new financial products sumangali and vidyakiran exclusively for the customers of ...

impressed by the response from customers in north east, punjab national bank (pnb) recently upgraded its regional office in ...

state bank of hyderabad, an associate bank of state bank of india, would become basel ii compliant by september 2007, according ...

a severe staff crunch at the branches for managing the front desk operations has compelled the state bank of india to resume ...

corporation bank today posted a net profit of rs 118.47 crore for the quarter ended march 31, up 18.15 per cent compared with rs ...

oriental bank of commerce today posted a marginal increase of 2.94 per cent in its net profit at rs 826.81 crore for 2006-07 ...

icici bank, the second largest bank, today reported a nearly flat growth in net profit for the fourth quarter of 2006-07 due to ...

bank of baroda has posted a 17.65 per cent rise in net profit at rs 245.66 crore for the fourth quarter ended march 2007 as ...

icici bank today reported a 14% increase in consolidated net profit at rs 2,760.63 crore for the year ended march 31, 2007 when ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) today reported a 4% increase in net profit at rs 580.81 crore for the year ended march 31, 2007 ...

corporation bank today reported a consolidated net profit of rs 516.19 crore for the year ended march 31, 2007 as against rs 443 ...

bank of baroda today reported a net profit of rs 1,026.47 crore for the year ended march 31, 2007 as against rs 826.97 crore in ...

faced with an increase in defaults on home loans, banks are beginning to feel the bite after growing their portfolios at ...

lehman brothers holdings inc, the fourth-largest arranger for equity-linked sales in asia, expects india and china to be the ...

even as barclays bank and royal bank of scotland (rbs) fight a pitched battle overseas to take over abn amro bank, the rbs has ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has raised the ceiling on liquidity it can suck out from the banking system for the second time ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) governor y v reddy said the inflation target of 5 per cent was a self-imposed ceiling of the ...

the permanant account number (pan) will be the sole identification number for all stock market transactions from july 2, ...

click here for videoyv ...

the central government, in consultation with the reserve bank of india, has revised the ceiling for outstandings under the market ...

o p bhatt, chairman, state bank of india, the country s biggest lender, today cautioned against rising defaults on housing loans, ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $789 million to $203.881 billion for the week ended april 20, according to the weekly ...

the karnataka zone of bank of india registered 36 per cent rise in net profit at rs 83 crore in the fiscal ended march 31, 2007, ...

infrastructure development finance co, an indian financier of public works, may begin raising the equivalent of $500 million in ...

state bank of bikaner jaipur (sbbj) has recorded a net profit of rs 305 crore for 2006-07 compared with rs 145 crore in ...

united bank of india (ubi) has shelved its ipo plan for the current fiscal. the decision comes after its capital restructuring ...

the hike in service charges by commercial banks has come under the reserve bank of india (rbi) lens. this follows the apex bank ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) will soon file a special leave petition (slp) before the supreme court to prevent ...

the spot rupee today breached the barrier of 41 to the dollar for the first time since 1998 following huge corporate inflows, ...

the all india bank officer s association (aiboa) is setting up an institute of banking trade union research at mamallapuram ...

i believe the thrust this time is on liquidity management and monetary transmission, on the basis of the principle that efficacy ...

t will not be surprised if the governor announces further monetary tightening measures to curb inflation. the governor has played ...

mumbai, the financial capital of india, has emerged as the most risk-averse city, according to a survey, conducted by hsbc india. ...

centurion bank of punjab (cbop) will set up a separate company, cerma, to foray into trust, will and real estate management ...

the tax burden on foreign banks , which avail of funds from their parents for operations in india, may go up substantially ...

public sector banks, which did not raise interest rates on home loans since january, are likely to pass on the benefit of lower ...

click here for videoicici ...

the rupee zoomed past the 41 per dollar for the first time in nine years today on robust inflows.the rupee ended at 40.91 ...

the reserve bank, which promised to keep inflation rate close to 5% in 2007-08 while stopping short of calling it the official ...

the local currency deposit rating of state bank of india (sbi) has been upgraded four notches by moody s to a1, which makes ...

deutsche bank has infused rs 625 crore capital in its indian operations. this is the second tranche of a rs 1,125 crore capital ...

dena bank has posted a 175% jump in net profit at rs 201.56 crore for the year ended march 31, 2007 (fy07) when compared with rs ...

click here for videoy ...

the government securities market witnessed a rally during the day, following the decision of the reserve bank of india to take a ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) has clarified that the co-operative banks are not covered by the right to information (rti) act ...

the headline inflation rate rose to 6.09 per cent for the week-ended april 7, way above the central bank s target range of ...

the rbi has proposed a differentiated banking licence policy that could allow some banks to seek licence for a specific activity ...

for small and medium enterprises, the credit policy has brought much needed relief with smes being allowed to hedge foreign ...

metal producers and users and aviation companies can now hedge their price risks on international commodity exchanges through ...

non-resident indians (nri) will now have to settle for lower returns from their deposits in india. the central bank has reduced ...

with overseas borrowings by indian companies touching a record high in fy 2006-07 at $23 billion, the rbi has decided to allow ...

with the rbi allowing listed corporates to invest 35 per cent of their net worth in the listed companies abroad, the stage is set ...

the rbi has raised the overseas investment limit for indian companies, in joint ventures and subsidiaries abroad, to 300 per cent ...

morgan stanley capitalinternational inc s msci barra unit will create a global family of equity indexes complying with ...

welcoming the reserve bank of india s annual policy statement, industry chambers said the measures enhancing the overseas ...

last week s bounce in the stock market helped index funds deliver the highest returns across all categories of funds at 3.99 per ...

i would certainly feel that i have earned a nice, stiff gin and tonic when i sit on my lovely verandah tonight. and, sipping my ...

schroders plc, a 204-year-old london fund manager, wants to open a mutual-fund business in india to tap demand for investments ...

hyderabad-based ap mahesh cooperative urban bank limited (mahesh bank) is in the process of expanding its branch network in the ...

mgb gramin bank, one of the major regional rural banks (rrb) working in rajasthan, has decided to expand. the bank has decided to ...

mumbai-based yes bank has posted 71 per cent growth in its net profit at rs 94.36 crore for the financial year ended march 31, ...

the rupee again ended at a 9-year high today, as exporters sold dollars on views that inflows will continue to be strong as ...

mahindra mahindra financial services ltd, part of the mahindra group has registered a 23 per cent growth in net profit at ...

a reserve bank of india committee on tuesday suggested aligning the restructuring norms for those advances not under corporate ...

india s largest private non-life insurer icici lombard general insurance will now focus on achieving a larger share of premium ...

hdfc bank s net profit for the quarter ended march 31, 2007 rose by 30.5 per cent to rs 343.6 crore as against rs 263.21 crore ...

leading industry associations welcomed the annual monetary and credit policy of the reserve bank of india (rbi). while ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) today left its key signalling rates unchanged after a series of reinforcing measures in the preceding ...

hdfc bank today posted a 30.55% increase in consolidated net profit at rs 1,150.96 crore for the year ended march 31, 2007 (fy07) ...

yes bank today reported a 71% increase in net profit at rs 94.36 crore for the year ended march 31, 2007 when compared with rs ...

the feel-good credit policy saw the rupee surge 51 paise against the us dollar, and was traded at 41.17 per dollar in noon deals ...

the stance of monetary policy in 2007-08 would be conditioned by the global and, more particularly, domestic developments, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today announced a series of steps to liberalise foreign exchange usage for both corporates and ...

a day before announcing its 2007-08 annual monetary policy, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has put on hold the proposed increase ...

barclays, britain s third-largest bank, may shift 10,800 full-time jobs to low-cost destinations, including india, after its ...

private sector lender south indian bank today reported 38 per cent rise in net profit to rs 22.5 crore in the fourth quarter of ...

indian bank posted a 69.09 per cent increase in net profit at rs 235.31 crore for the quarter ended march 31, 2007, compared with ...

the rapid rise in the interest rates has begun to impact the home loan seekers. the commercial banks have seen a 2 per cent dip ...

indian overseas bank (iob) registered a 41.73 per cent increase in its march 2007 quarter net profit at rs 289.76 crore as ...

the rupee was overvalued by 12.21 per cent as on april 18, 2007, according to the reserve bank of india (rbi). the rupee, which ...

business expectations for april-june 2007 have dipped as lesser number of companies expect an increase in profit margins, ...

a reserve bank of india (rbi) working group has recommended that the norms for restructuring of retail loans, including housing ...

banks are expecting a 25-basis-point increase in the repo rate (7.75 per cent at present) the central bank s short-term lending ...

indicating further tightening of the credit policy, the reserve bank today decided to keep in abeyance measures announced in ...

british banking giant barclays will add thousands of new employees to its india headcount following the takeover of its dutch ...

indian overseas bank (iob) has posted a net profit of rs 1008.43 crore for the year ended march 31, 2007 (fy07) whereas the ...

indian bank has posted a 50% jump in net profit at rs 759.77 crore for the year ended march 31, 2007 (fy07) when compared with rs ...

bank of india has posted a 60% jump in net profit at rs 1123.17 crore for the year ended march 31, 2007 (fy07) when compared with ...

the spot rupee zoomed to a new 9-year high on monday driven by strong capital inflows. the rupee was traded around 41.63 ...

sbi life, the third largest private life insurance company of the country, is eyeing 250 percent growth during the current ...

as part of its liquidity tightening measures, the reserve bank of india (rbi) may discontinue overdraft facility offered to banks ...

nationalised lender bank of india (boi) today posted 75.68 per cent jump in net profit at rs 447.44 crore for the fourth quarter ...

the government bonds rose for the second week on speculation banks will purchase more debt to meet minimum holding needs as their ...

commercial banks are seeking the reserve bank of india s (rbi) permission to issue long-term infrastructure bonds with tax ...

the rupee rose the most in a week in more than a year on speculation the central bank won t stem gains after inflation ...

an improvement in interest margins helped industrial development bank of india (idbi) post 12.3 per cent growth in net profit at ...

a reserve bank of india (rbi) panel has suggested that banks start levying a charge on clearing of cheques to expedite the switch ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has shown concern regarding gujarat s slow year-on-year growth of deposits compared to the all ...

the union cabinet today gave its approval to amend the state bank of india (subsidiary banks laws) amendment bill, 2006 to give ...

one in three home loan borrowers have either witnessed a 25 per cent rise in their equated monthly installments (emis) or their ...

loans extended to minority communities would soon qualify for priority sector lending. the finance ministry has asked the reserve ...

banks have asked the reserve bank of india (rbi) to review the ceiling on investment by foreign institutional investors (fiis) ...

union finance minister p chidambaram has asked public sector banks to go slow on disbursals of home and other consumption loans ...

banks have requested the reserve bank of india (rbi) to allow them to prepay high-cost deposits, to avoid liquidity and interest ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has approached the government and the reserve bank of india ...

trading in rupee futures in india appears far off as the reserve bank of india (rbi) considers it as the last leg of the ...

commercial banks have urged the reserve bank of india (rbi) to raise the cap on individual home loans for the purpose of ...

former us treasury secretary lawrence h summers today came out strongly in support of the indian government s move to invest a ...

european banking and insurance major fortis is planning to foray into wealth management and equity broking business in india to ...

sbi life is planning to tap the co-operative banks and the regional rural banks (rrbs) to spruce up sales of its insurance ...

idbi bank today raised its retail reference rate (rrr), the benchmark used for pricing floating rate home loans, by ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is seriously considering the option of clamping down on overseas financing for real estate in a ...

in the run-up to the rbi monetary policy review on april 24, a cross-section of banking sector experts share their views on what ...

the national bank for agricultural and rural development (nabard) has decided to extend the moratorium period for recovering ...

uti bank today said its net profit in the fourth quarter ended march 2007 rose 40 per cent with the rapid growth in corporate ...

the vijayawada region of vijaya bank pooled deposits worth rs 712.36 crore and advanced loans totalling rs 618.64 crore in a ...

uti bank, on a standalone basis, today reported a 39.6% increase in net profit at rs 211.89 crore for the fourth quarter ended ...

the rupee continued its upward march and appreciated further to 41.85 87 against us currency in late morning deals following ...

banks are considering setting up a domestic card payment settlement company, called india pay, that would rival global payment ...

nearly 4,000 clerical cadre and staff have sought early retirement from the country s largest commercial bank, state bank of ...

deposit schemes for non-resident indians (nris) could become unattractive as part of attempts to check foreign exchange inflows. ...

finance minister p chidambaram will seek information from chairmen of public sector banks on the extent of reduction in their ...

the rupee today surged past the 42 mark against the dollar on continuing foreign inflows and sale of foreign currency holding by ...

dena gujarat gramin bank (dggb) has managed to bring down its present gross non performing assets (npas) by 1.40 per cent ...

international banks are keen to extend close to rs 10,000 crore assistance to the huge capacity addition plans proposed with an ...

the life insurance corporation of india has registered a first premium income of rs 39,541 crore for fy06-07 against rs 18,085 ...

strong capital flows are posing a challenge to central banks in emerging markets to sustain financial stability. such flows, ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) will stop paying interest on banks cash reserve ratio (crr) balances with it following the ...

foreign exchange reserves zoomed past the $200 billion mark for the week ended april 6, 2007.according to the weekly ...

the merger of kochi based lord krishna bank (lkb) with the centurion bank of punjab (cbop) is in doldrums, as the case pending ...

the activists of the republican party of india (rpi) have threatened to launch agitation against various branches of the icici ...

the fall in call money rate today made liquid plans a more attractive investment option for banks to park their money in the ...

the appreciating rupee is helping the government in its fight against inflation. it is impacting the prices of key commodities ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has relaxed the provisioning norms for bank advances extended to infrastructure projects. ...

a mid-sized new private sector bank is hiring around 1,400 sales personnel on a temporary basis to expand its reach to 250 new ...

union bank of india (ubi) has hiked its benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) by 75 basis points. the new rate, applicable ...

max new york life (mnyl) is planning to introduce its hub and spokes model in gujarat, maharashtra and haryana to up its ...

dubai s commodity derivatives exchange will list a futures contract on the indian rupee in the next two months, the first time ...

growing business opportunities fuelled by a robust economy and an increasing number of private equity investors are prompting ...

the central banks of singapore, malaysia, the philippines and india may be selling their currencies to stem gains and protect ...

union finance minister p chidambaram today backed the reserve bank of india (rbi) in its steps to moderate inflation and credit ...

public sector lenders punjab national bank, union bank of india and oriental bank of commerce today announced 75 bps increase in ...

home, personal and retail loans of punjab national bank could cost more from this month, with the country s second largest public ...

icici bank has been fined rs 2.2 lakh by hong kong s securities and futures commission (sfc) for breach of licence. the regulator ...

reserve bank of india governor y v reddy has said management of capital inflows can be a tough job. we are an emerging economy ...

private life insurers are witnessing an increasing number of sales accruing from their capital guarantee plans (cgps). 85 per ...

icici bank, the largest lender to microfinance institutions (mfis), is stepping up its direct term lending to meet the funding ...

delays in land acquisition, construction risks are among the major constraints for flow of foreign investments into ...

apnaloan.com, a online market portal for loan products, plans to add more services to its ...

south india s first building fire research centre (bfrc) of the national institute of engineering (nie) in mysore has fabricated ...

standard chartered bank is planning to launch private banking business in india. this was announced by neeraj swaroop, chief ...

the bank of japan have voted unanimously to keep interest rates unchanged.the bank of japan interest rates stand ...

the reserve bank of india s efforts to squeeze out excess liquidity in the economy through a hike in short-term interest rates ...

with the cash reserve ratio hikes kicking in, the reserve bank of india is unlikely to sell government bonds under the market ...

the aga khan fund for economic development-promoted development credit bank (dcb) is all set to go rural after achieving the ...

the growing indo-china trade and a large retail market in the communist nation is enticing indian banks to tap opportunities in ...

sundaram finance will host the annual meet of the international finance and leasing association (ifla), a network of leading ...

visakhapatnam-based kanakamahalakshmi cooperative bank registered 80 per cent growth in gross profits during 2006-07 at rs 120.62 ...

indians were highly aware of life insurance but the penetration levels were low, according to the max new york-ncaer india ...

commercial banks in west bengal are expecting to disburse around rs 10,581 crore against the annual credit plan of rs 10,925 ...

scrips going for initial public offering (ipo) in future may have limited movement on debut day as the sebi has, as a step ...

richard smee is a partner in ernst young (e y) where he leads the firm s services to the real estate ...

punjab national bank, the country s second-biggest public sector lender, plans to cut exposure to personal loans, including home ...

idbi bank is planning to enter the private equity (pe)and mutual funds businesses. idbi will submit its application for mf ...

state bank of india has revised upwards the benchmark prime lending rate (referred as sbar) by 50 bps from 12.25% p.a. to 12.75% ...

the reserve bank of india was in the process of identifying illiquid government bonds for buyback and issuing liquid gilts, ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $1.43 billion to $199.18 billion during the week ended march 30, according to the weekly ...

ahmedabad-based shri mahila sewa sahakari bank ltd., the micro-finance wing of the self employed women s association (sewa), aims ...

bank of baroda (bob) assumed the lead among the public sector banks for raising the prime lending rate (plr), while the country s ...

the indian central bank s monetary shock therapy has left the country s newly leveraged middle class gasping for breath. last ...

mid-corporates, small and medium enterprises (smes) and agriculture are driving sbi s credit growth even as retail loans are ...

the bank of england left its benchmark interest rate unchanged today, awaiting more signs of inflation pressures before deciding ...

union bank of india has scaled down its credit growth in 2006-07 to 16.5 per cent as against 25 per cent projected at the ...

as many as 18 public sector banks have defaulted in filing their monthly statements of banking cash transaction tax (bctt) ...

bank of baroda (bob) took the lead among public sector banks to raise its prime lending rate (plr), while the country s largest ...

banks term deposits swelled in the last three months, but bankers aren t happy because the increase has come at the cost of ...

p j nayak, chairman and managing director of uti bank, has decided to quit after his term ends on july 31, 2007 as the reserve ...

the rupee declined, reversing gains earlier today, on speculation importers bought dollars after the local currency reached the ...

reserve bank of india deputy governor rakesh mohan today reiterated the need for low inflation and inflationary expectation for ...

industrial and commercial bank of china (icbc), which listed in october after the world s largest initial public offering to ...

feeling the pinch of rising cost of funds, public sector lender punjab national bank (pnb) today said it may raise prime lending ...

the mutual fund (mf) industry grew nearly 41% in fy07 to rs 3,26,328.47 crore as against rs 2,31,045.38 crore in fy06. with this, ...

the rupee soared to a fresh eight-year high in early trades today, after it breached the 43 $-mark. the dollar hit an intra-day ...

in an effort to check the misuse of export credit by small exporters who benefit from the interest rate arbitrage between ...

growth in the home loan market may see a drop of 10 percentage points or more from the current 30 per cent following the recent ...

with an aim to improve the performance of its employees, jammu and kashmir bank has announced a new package of incentives and ...

the icici bank will be locating the back office operations of the southern region of the country in hyderabad financial district, ...

bonds slumped the most in almost three months, the biggest fluctuation in any government debt market today, after the central ...

the rupee rose, the biggest fluctuation of any currency today, as lenders sold dollars to meet new reserve requirements from the ...

bank of baroda (bob), the fifth largest bank in india, is realigning its operations into four business lines - retail, rural and ...

central bank of india, a mid-sized mumbai-based public sector bank, has finalised five merchant bankers for its initial public ...

the temasek holdings-promoted fullerton india credit company (ficc) has set its eyes on india s 50 million underserved masses in ...

the inflation tolerance level in india is low relative to many developing countries because of democratic pressures, dr y v ...

the expert committee on making mumbai an international financial centre, chaired by former world bank economist percy s mistry, ...

private sector lenders housing development finance corporation (hdfc), its subsidiary hdfc bank and uti bank today raised their ...

united bank of india (ubi) is aiming to achieve a business target of rs 1 lakh crore, with a net profit of rs 500crore by march ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may end its policy of increasing interest rates this year because rising borrowing costs since ...

the rupee may fall this week on speculation the central bank will sell the currency to help banks meet an increase in the cash ...

reinsurance renewals and corporate renewals for 2007-08 were concluded today. with insurers offering discounts in excess of 50 ...

its not just the retail customer who is fretting over the rising interest rates. small and medium enterprises (sme) have also ...

inflation tolerance level in india is low relative to many developing countries because of democratic pressures, said the reserve ...

over half of the outstanding home loans have become expensive with housing development finance corporation (hdfc) following icici ...

after many years of being in the red, term lending institution ifci is on the verge of announcing a major turnaround with a ...

bank shares are likely to fall next week after reserve bank of india surprised many market players by hiking the repo rate and ...

investments are pouring in for the fixed maturity plans (fmps) as investors rush to park their funds for a period of slightly ...

there seems to be a rush to open new demat accounts by investors with a total of about 15 lakh accounts getting opened in the ...

overseas borrowings through foreign currency convertible bonds (fccbs) by indian companies took a backseat in 2006-07. sixty nine ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) has suggested creation of a private sector self-financing regulatory ...

the icici bank will be establishing 14 finance chairs in 14 business schools across the country. under this initiative, the bank ...

banks have embarked on another round of increase in lending rates following the reserve bank of india (rbi) move on ...

banks have embarked on another round of lending rate increases across the board, following the reserve bank of india s (rbi) ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today abandoned its monetary policy stance of equal emphasis on price stability and growth, and ...

the interbank call rates touched an intra-day high of 70 per cent on the last trading day of the financial year, signalling ...

punjab national bank has hiked the spread on loans to commercial real estate and large non-deposit taking nbfcs by 50 basis ...

the country s foreign exchange reserves increased by $25.6 billion during april-december 2006, with foreign investment and ...

the near-doubling of flows from non-resident indians (nris) and services exports narrowed the country s current account deficit ...

yes bank today announced a hike in plr by 75 bps to 14.75% effective april 1, 2007.an official release issued by the bank ...

call rate hit a high of 70% in intra-day deals today before finally closing around 30% due to tight liquidity. the prices of ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $1.789 billion to $197.746 billion for the week ended march 23, 2007, according to the ...

bank of baroda (bob) has selected uk-based legal and general as foreign joint venture partner for starting life insurance ...

indusind bank has raised $33.83 million via global depository receipts (gdrs).the finance committee of the board at its ...

punjab national bank, the second largest public sector bank, has raised the interest rate on loans to commercial real estate and ...

the rupee had its biggest single-day fall in 11 years against the dollar on thursday, amid buying of dollars by importers ...

micro-finance institutions (mfis) too have been bitten by the technology bug. the ahmedabad-based shri mahila sewa sahakari bank ...

the allianz group, the german financial services major, is leaving no stone unturned to secure a banking licence from the reserve ...

the much-awaited trading in corporate bonds will start on the national and the bombay stock exchanges from july 1. this is ...

syndicate bank has entered into a memorandum of understanding with credit analysis and research ltd (care), a credit rating ...

the government is likely to cap foreign direct investment (fdi) in credit information bureaus at 49 per cent, as it prepares ...

the government is likely to cap foreign direct investment (fdi) in credit information bureaus at 49%, as it prepares guidelines ...

arresting the three-day strong rally, the rupee today slipped to 43.40 43 per dollar in late morning trades on fairly good buying ...

what began as small investments in stocks about 10 years ago, has pushed once small-time investor ramchand bhavnani to an ...

the self employed women s association (sewa) along with its wings shri mahila sewa sahakari bank ltd and insurance branch vimo ...

the rupee rose to the highest since june 1999 as banks bought the currency to replenish funds after companies paid taxes ahead of ...

banks have asked the reserve bank of india (rbi) to allow them to provide doorstep cash delivery services to individuals also. ...

life insurance corporation (lic), the public sector life insurer, wants the government to provide it the first right to purchase ...

banks have approached reserve bank of india (rbi) with a proposal for allowing them to provide doorstep cash delivery services to ...

the spot rupee hit a high of 43.11 per dollar - a tad higher than the july 2005 high of 43.115, and a high never seen since ...

what began as small investments in stocks about 10 years ago has pushed investor ramchand bhavnani to an enviable position today ...

inter-bank call money rates are likely to shoot up to 25-30 per cent towards the end of this week as the financial year-end ...

the ahmedabad based self-employed women s association (sewa) operated shri mahila sewa sahakari bank ltd. has got the reserve ...

under pressure from shareholders, citigroup is planning to shed thousands of jobs and focus outside north america for growth , ...

vijaya bank s plans to acquire a bank may materialise by 2009. the bank is looking at acquiring a bank with network in the ...

andhra bank and kingfisher airlines on monday entered into a tie-up to offer customers the purchase of air tickets through the ...

government bonds fell for the second day after the central bank said it will triple the size of debt sales meant to absorb ...

it could be a major jolt for cooperative banks in the country. the bombay high court has ordered that the recovery certificates ...

most public sector banks are anticipating a much slower growth in net profit in the fourth quarter of 2006-07. a year-on-year ...

all advertisements selling insurance products will need to contain information on risks involved, costs and charges and ...

temasek holdings pte and government of singapore investment corporation (gic) are expected to get approval by june to own 10% ...

ind-bank merchant banking services, a subsidiary of indian bank engaged in banking, stock broking, depository participations and ...

icici bank, the country s biggest lender by market value, expects the share of its profit derived from international business to ...

bank shares are likely to remain flat next week as investors have covered short positions and will now wait for the fourth ...

keeping an eye on the foreign markets, union bank of india is set to open its first overseas branch at shanghai in china next ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $1.547 billion to $195.957 billion for the week ended march 16, according to the weekly ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has instructed banks to furnish data on frauds, thefts and burglaries on a quarterly basis to the ...

the 10-year bonds advanced during the week, ending three weeks of losses, on speculation that a drop in money market interest ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) has taken a fancy for fixed deposits, which is not a traditional investment avenue ...

policyholders of life insurance corporation of india (lic) have a reason to smile. the sovereign guarantee that lic enjoys will ...

kotak mahindra old mutual life insurance ltd (kotak life insurance) is planning to achieve 120 per cent growth in its total ...

for the first time in the history of the cooperative banking sector in the state, the maharashtra state co-operative bank limited ...

planning to buy a plasma television this cricket season buy it through an equated monthly installment card (emi card) rather ...

indian bonds rose the most in more than seven weeks, the biggest fluctuation in any government debt market today, as investors ...

india s rupee slumped the most in almost three weeks on speculation the central bank will sell the currency after it reached a ...

insurance companies are expected to get greater leeway in investing policyholders funds with the addition of mortgage-backed ...

it is finance minister p chidambaram s meeting with leaders of public sector bank unions that averted the three-day bank strike ...

in a big relief to millions of customers, united forum of bank unions, an umbrella body of nine employees and officers unions, ...

indian bonds gained, snapping a three-day decline, on optimism that banks will buy debt to meet reserves as their deposits ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) had five months ago cautioned banks that it was undesirable on their part to chase liquidity at ...

deputy governor of reserve bank of india (rbi) v leeladhar has strongly criticised indian banks for not implementing various ...

india s rupee rose for a fifth day, the best run in more than a month, on speculation that lenders bought the currency as tax ...

the us-based brokerage and investment bank merrill lynch, which recently hiked its stake in india infoline to 14.10 per cent, is ...

mangalore-headquartered public sector vijaya bank is planning to set up 350 new atms across the country during the next fiscal. ...

the country s ten largest banks have conveyed to the reserve bank of india (rbi) that the continued tightness in lendable ...

money market rates today touched nine-year highs as the liquidity squeeze in the banking system worsened. the overnight call ...

the zurich-based credit suisse has entered into an joint venture with general electric (ge) for an infrastructure fund. the fund ...

mumbai-based financial services company edelweiss today announced foray into asset management and non-banking financial company ...

global investment bank, morgan stanley is looking at expanding in india by entering into fixed income business, building a strong ...

india s 10-year bonds dropped for a third day as the cost of overnight funds rose to the highest this year, making it more ...

the five-year tax saver deposit product introduced by finance minister p chidambaram in 2006 budget has got luke warm response ...

benfield, the third largest reinsurance broker in the world with an annual turnover of $590 million, will enter india shortly ...

india s rupee rose to its highest in almost 19 months on speculation that lenders bought the currency after tax payments last ...

in a significant move to help the farmers of uttar pradesh, the state bank of india and nabard have joined hands to establish a ...

united india insurance co (uiic) expects to earn an income of around rs 1,300-1,400 crore from its investment portfolio at the ...

reliance money, the financial solutions arm of reliance capital of adag group, is planning to invest rs 25 crore for installing a ...

dutch banking giant abn amro, the target of intense takeover speculation, would give the winner enhanced presence in a range ...

market regulator sebi is likely to consider modalities for the short selling of shares by institutional investors at its board ...

top dutch financial conglomerate, rabobank international, is betting big on the indian telecom and media segments which it says ...

top bankers have said the rate war among banks, which has pushed up interests on deposits to as much as 9 and 9.5 per cent, have ...

unlike last year when private equity participants exited through strategic deals with third party investors, this year pes are ...

investor services of india (isil), which has been acting as registrar and transfer agent (rta) for bond debt issues in the last ...

sharekhan, the retail broking arm of mumbai-based financial services group sski, is raising resources to pursue its plans for ...

bank of baroda (bob) has drawn up an extensive overseas expansion plan, which includes acquisition of an african bank, increasing ...

general electric co s consumer finance unit will use joint ventures for retail banking in markets including india, china and ...

the call money rate was back into double digits today after three months, following an estimated outflow of around rs 40,000 ...

the international monetary fund (imf) has advised the reserve bank of india (rbi) to continue with its monetary tightening policy ...

the past four years have seen the vehicle finance market grow two and a half times, with rising income levels and easy ...

dena bank, a leading mid-size public sector bank, is eyeing the non-life insurance business in the near future as the insurance ...

hsbc group chairman stephen k green today said there had been a reduction in global imbalances this year with european economies ...

the securities and exchange board of india s proposal to make changes in clause 49 of the listing agreement has led to compliance ...

the benchmark bombay stock exchange (bse) sensex today closed up 14.23 points (0.11 per cent) at 12,543 points, as it lost strong ...

the government securities fell the most in a week after rbi deputy governor rakesh mohan said the bank would act swiftly to curb ...

individuals account for 77 per cent of savings bank deposits, forming the mainstay of banks credit operations, but they get a ...

the top management at thrissur-based dhanalakshmi bank is working overnight to chalk out a recast plan. a committee to explore ...

corporation bank lic are to explore new areas of collaboration to create opportunities in specialised areas of financial ...

icici bank today said it was keen on foraying into pension funds but was awaiting the passage of the long-pending pension fund ...

the rising interest rates are expected to start denting profits of banks from the second quarter of 2007-08, according to sanjay ...

vallabh bhansali-controlled enam financial consultants, one of the leading home-grown investment banks in india, is learnt to be ...

indian bonds gained on speculation policy measures taken by the central bank and the government will slow inflation and ease ...

the rupee today ended off lows, as banks liquidated dollars accumulated early in the day after they noted good supply from ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said banks can use floating provisions only to offset losses which are exceptional and ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) will continue to actively manage liquidity to ensure inflation expectations are under control, said ...

the finance ministry has issued a guideline specifying the parameters and qualitative achievements that will be considered for ...

munesh khanna, formerly head of investment banking at merrill lynch co s unit in india, raised $300 million to invest in ...

the hinduja group controlled, indusind bank, is planning to raise around rs 140 crore through global depository receipts (gdr) by ...

the bond prices ended down today as concerns over tight liquidity compounded following reserve bank of india deputy governor usha ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has allowed urban cooperative banks (ucb) to grant loans to its directors and relatives against ...

thrissur-based catholic syrian bank s (csb) capital raising plans appear to have hit a roadblock. the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

uti bank, a strong mid-sized private bank, today said it expects its loan portfolio to grow 30-40 per cent in 2007-08 and it ...

the huge rush for deposits is no longer limited to the last fortnight. the race for garnering large deposits, at high costs, ...

the mad rush for deposits will not be the last fortnight phenomenon this year. the race for garnering large deposits, at high ...

uti bank is planning to raise up to $754 million through its medium-term note (mtn) programme in the next financial year for ...

the karur vysya bank limited (kvb), a leading private bank headquartered at karur, has achieved rs 1,078 crore in net-owned ...

the 10-year bonds rose the most since january 31 after demand at a government debt auction last week increased as overnight loan ...

healthy corporate credit demand will help icici bank to grow its balance sheet despite slowdown in the consumer growth, according ...

the forthcoming public issue by rating agency icra ltd will see state bank of india (sbi) diluting its stake in the company by a ...

the 32nd annual conference of international organisation of securities commissions (iosco), which concluded here today, favoured ...

pnb housing finance limited (pnbhfl) is planning to raise interest rates by 50 basis points to 9.75 per cent, managing director v ...

consumer credit growth may slow down to 20-25% due to the rising interest rates and the base effect, k v kamath, ceo, icici bank ...

punjab national bank (pnb) has sought the permission of the reserve bank of india (rbi) to open two branches in ...

finance minister p chidambaram today expressed confidence that the average net non-performing assets (npas) of public sector ...

benchmark asset management company today said it completed the allotment process for gold bees, the country s first gold exchange ...

uti asset management company is close to forging a tie-up with a european bank for launching an offshore fund dedicated to ...

the budget proposal to impose capital gains tax on transactions in works of art would qualify art as another asset class. the ...

soon standalone health insurance companies will be governed by separate regulations. at present, health insurance companies are ...

the insurance regulatory development authority of india (irda) and non-life insurance companies are working towards setting up a ...

the rupee ended two weeks of losses on speculation some banks are selling dollars to raise local-currency funds before taxes due ...

insurance companies have decided to reduce the third-party premium for vintage cars by 25 per cent. in a letter to the irda, k n ...

icici bank, after aggressively growing its retail loans book over the last five years, is now banking on a reworked business ...

the bonds fell on speculation corporate tax payments will drain cash from the banking system in the coming weeks, leaving lenders ...

as someone said, once a banker always a banker. this is turning out to be true in the case of ramesh ramanathan, who quit his ...

housing development finance corp (hdfc) has raised interest rates on home loans for existing and new borrowers. floating rates ...

securities markets regulators, representing various global stock exchanges, will discuss the governance issues created by the ...

micro finance, global finance and technology are coming together in a first- of -its-kind venture to cater to the entire it needs ...

bonds dropped on speculation corporate tax payments will drain cash from the banking system, leaving lenders with less spare ...

the rupee dropped on speculation some importers will sell, betting gains in the currency may be limited, as the benchmark stock ...

faced with a stiff price discount war, the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has asked insurance companies ...

state bank of india, the country s largest commercial bank, will announce 50-100 basis points increase in lending rates this ...

state bank of india s market share dropped sharply in the nine months ended december 2006, as the country s largest bank ...

the country s largest lender, the state bank of india (sbi) today said it will shortly raise car and other personal loan rates, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has imposed caps on inter-bank liabilities from april 1, 2007, as several banks, particularly the ...

the state bank of india (sbi) will add another 30 atm counters across orissa in the next one and half months to achieve its ...

workplace as part of an effort to create its employment brand in the market, max new york life turns to those who have ...

the 10-year government bonds gained on speculation that a decline in money market rates will encourage banks to buy more debt ...

jm financial has received offers for fresh alliances following its decision to part ways with its seven-year-old partner morgan ...

the rupee gained the most in almost four months as the benchmark stock index rebounded, suggesting investor appetite for risk may ...

the london-based standard chartered bank has named jaspal bindra as the regional ceo - south east and south asia. the region ...

haryana-based raksha tpa, the country s third-largest health insurance claims administrator, has set up a joint venture in dubai ...

europe s largest banking group hsbc is entering india s fast-expanding life insurance market, in a partnership with public sector ...

the world s central bankers have a message for investors stung by last week s roller-coaster ride in financial markets don t ...

the 10-year bonds pared losses on speculation the lowest interest rates in the local money market since december 2005 are ...

the rupee dropped the most in almost 10 months, as a collapse in global stocks extended to a second week, spurring speculation ...

the three-year loan party when bank credit rose by around 30 per cent annually is likely to increase the quantum of bad assets, ...

after a gap of one year, the visakhapatnam co-operative bank (vcb), the second largest co-operative urban bank in andhra pradesh, ...

europe s largest banking group, hsbc, is entering india s fast expanding life insurance market, jointly with public sector banks, ...

public sector bank chiefs will soon have a reason to smile. the finance ministry is expected to announce a performance-based ...

bank to float icici holdings to manage insurance, mutual fund business. icici bank, the country s second largest bank, ...

in the backdrop of a global meltdown, a market-unfriendly budget saw the domestic stock market battered in the week ended ...

in a bid to absorb the heavy liquidity build-up in the banking system, the reserve bank of india (rbi) will resume issuing ...

banks are finally following the advice of monetary authorities having consciously decided to curtail demand-fuelling loans to ...

foreign exchange reserves zoomed $4.212 billion to $193.124 billion for the week ended february 23, according to the weekly ...

syndicate bank on thursday relaunched its oldest deposit scheme, pigmy, with many new features. the bank has named it as pigmy ...

max new york life (mnyl), a joint venture between max india ltd and new york life, has entered into strategic tie-ups with the ...

india s key 10-year bond gained, ending two days of declines, as yields at the lowest in a week attracted investors to buy debt. ...

the rupee closed near the lowest in five weeks on speculation that a slump in stocks from last month s record will prompt global ...

the national housing bank (nhb) will offer guarantees to senior citizens availing of reverse mortgage facility from lenders to ...

public debt the move to separate the public debt management and monetary operations of the rbi stemmed from the conflicts ...

housing loans a positive step for lenders, as they will be able to recover dues in a better way and the move will also ...

farm credit the increased lending proposed under the short-term farm credit subvention scheme will further squeeze banks ...

rural banks the proposed capital infusion in weak rrbs will be a big boost to those which are still loss-making and also ...

debt market holding companies can issue bonds that could be converted into shares of group companies after a fixed ...

the meeting of the representatives of urban co-operative banks of karnataka in bangalore last week to chalk out a strategy to ...

with the economy booming and domestic market scaling fresh peaks, foreign investors are seeing huge opportunities in two avenues ...

crisil net profit rose 37.38 per cent to rs 37.38 crore for the year ended december 2006 against rs 27.11 crore in 2005. the ...

chief executive officers (ceos) and chief financial officers (cfos) of listed banks are wary of certifying that these banks are ...

standard chartered bank today reported 69 per cent jump in operating profit in india for 2006, increasing the country s share in ...

pune-based bank of maharashtra has announced the launch of mahadeep , a loan scheme for buying solar power-based home lighting ...

andhra bank launched its first bio-metric atm at kondapur in hyderabad on monday. this is the bank s 500th off-site atm, apart ...

bonds rose after the central bank last week said it will pay interest on reserves it holds for banks, the biggest buyers of ...

rating agency fitch has upgraded vijaya bank s individual rating to c d from d. this means the bangalore-based public sector bank ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked banks to put in place appropriate systems to check fraudulent withdrawals of ...

the united forum of bank unions (ufbu) and all india bank officers confederation (aiboc) today gave a joint call for a ...

the grand strategic alliance between the three indian public sector banks oriental bank of commerce, indian bank and ...

centurion bank of punjab (cbop) is foraying into lucrative trust, will management and real estate advisory services by forming a ...

top brokerage houses feel that finance minister palaniappan chidambaram will focus on inflation control, infrastructure, ...

the state bank of travancore (sbt) has hiked the interest rates for domestic term deposits and non resident ordinary term ...

the participation of the private sector in agriculture through contract farming recently has made the haryana government even ...

as part of its efforts aimed at expansion, insurance player hdfc standard life insurance has opened its regional office in kochi. ...

atm deployment is set to gain scale with the anil ambani group s reliance capital and a few technology firms joining hands with ...

the competition commission has asked the reserve bank to unshackle commercial banks by allowing them operational freedom in ...

oriental insurance company has won the mandate to provide insurance cover to the indian cricket team which is flying to the ...

foreign exchange reserves zoomed $3.834 billion to $188.912 billion for the week ended february 16, according to the weekly ...

the rupee had the biggest weekly loss in more than a month on speculation importers are increasing sales of the currency to pay ...

icici bank, the country s second-largest lender, today hiked lending rates for fresh loans to individuals by 50 basis points, ...

in an effort to check use of formal sources of money for grain hoarding, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked bigger ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it will pay pay interest 3.5% for the period june 24, 2006 to december 8, 2006 2% ...

hsbc holdings said on thursday that bobby mehta was stepping down as chief executive officer of hsbc north america holdings inc ...

the fall in banking shares following the 50-basis-point hike in cash reserve ratio melted down the returns of banking sector ...

the rupee fell for a fourth day, its longest losing streak in more than three months, on speculation importers sold the currency ...

the rbi has asked deposit-taking systemically important non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) to submit information on a monthly ...

the crr hike was unexpected, m balachandran, cmd, bank of india said. speaking to reporters here balachandran said the move would ...

click here for videoninety six per ...

bonds rose for a fourth day, the longest rally in almost three months, on speculation the government will reduce or cancel a ...

the employees of central bank of india have called off their indefinite strike beginning tomorrow following an agreement between ...

the rates on certificate of deposits (cds) have crossed 10.5 per cent following a rush by banks to raise funds to manage ...

bonds fell on concern an increase in banks cash reserves and corporate tax payments will leave lenders with less spare funds to ...

citu and cpi-m workers and leaders joined a large procession here today carrying the body of cpi-m politburo member chittabrata ...

banks in india have to prepare themselves to grapple with future challenges like greater specialisation and reliance on non-fund ...

only 0.5 per cent of the gnp was allotted to specialised education which resulted in a shortage of skilled manpower in leading ...

kolkata based united bank of india (ubi) has merged five regional rural banks (rrbs) in west bengal sponsored by it to form the ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) today announced increase in its benchmark prime lending rate (plr) by 75 basis points (bps) to ...

the bank of japan (boj) today raised its key interest rate by 25 basis points to 0.50%, placing more emphasis on signs of a ...

the finance ministry may reduce the lock-in period for fixed deposits to three years from five years to get deduction under ...

rupee declined a second day on speculation traders will sell to benefit from a rise to a 16-month high this month, as the central ...

p k tayal, the single largest shareholder in bank of rajasthan (bor), continued to project himself as the chairman till a few ...

reinsurance rates have softened globally but domestic general insurers are unlikely to reap the benefits. this is because of a ...

the reserve bank of india has opposed the government s move to bring in a law to introduce a new reporting system for inward flow ...

the state bank of india (sbi) today raised its prime lending rate (plr) for the second time in less than three months, but ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc), the country s oldest mortgage lender, has turned down an advice by its biggest ...

the food corporation of india s (fci) wheat tender was postponed because of poor response from participants owing to tender price ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest bank, today raised its prime lending rate (plr) for the second time in less than ...

in an effort to reach out to a large section of illiterate customers, the public sector andhra bank proposes to install over 150 ...

public and private sector insurance companies are forming alliances to bid for state-run carrier air-india s aviation cover worth ...

hdfc, a key home loan lender, today said it is likely to increase interest rates by up to 100 basis points (bps) - 1% later this ...

the first week of february 2007 saw probably the highest-ever increase in the country s foreign exchange reserves, with the ...

foreign exchange reserves zoomed $5.031 billion to $185.078 billion for the week ended february 9, according to the weekly ...

bonds ended eight days of decline, rising from a six-month low as the government reduced fuel prices to damp inflation, which has ...

the rupee may weaken 3 per cent against the dollar by the end of june as the central bank steps up sales of the currency to curb ...

icici bank has raised $500 million (rs 22.05 billion) through dollar-denominated five-year bond overseas, merchant bankers said ...

the recent ratings india investment upgrade by standard poors has helped the state bank of india raise $700 million ...

sbi capital markets, the investment banking arm of sbi, has been ranked as the top mandated lead arranger and advisor in the ...

former central bank deputy governor s s tarapore today said the reserve bank of india s (rbi) monetary measures to contain ...

the repatriates co-operative finance and development bank ltd (repco bank) has disbursed rs 18.04 crore as micro credit to ...

icici bank, the country s largest retail lender, has decided to hold interest rates charged to existing home loan borrowers even ...

rupee rose the most in three weeks on speculation lenders are selling dollars to raise cash after the central bank yesterday told ...

after a spell of almost seven years, the government securities market witnessed an inverted yield curve, indicating market ...

banking entities, especially public sectors banks, should lend more in rural and semi urban areas through their vast branch ...

large inflows of foreign capital have contributed to a significant increase in money supply, raising expectations of more ...

more monetary tightening, at much frequent intervals, is likely to contain the fallouts of foreign capital inflows, which are ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today hiked the cash reserve ratio by 50 bps to 6% in two stages from february 17 and march ...

kolkata-based united bank of india (ubi) has started negotiations with asset reconstruction company of india (arcil) to sell ...

icici bank ltd, india s biggest by market value, expects the central bank to adopt a bias toward a further rise in interest rates ...

the yield on the 10-year benchmark government security is expected to breach 8 per cent and rule in the range of 8.05-8.10 per ...

bonds fell, pushing the benchmark 10-year yields to the highest in more than five months, after reserve bank of india deputy ...

rupee dropped the most in almost three weeks, as the benchmark stock index extended declines for a third day, spurring concern ...

the central bank will respond swiftly and use all monteary tools to contain runaway inflation which could dampen the growth ...

the increase in yield on loans of most large banks has been much higher than the rise in cost of deposits, suggesting borrowers ...

icici bank is all set to build a 44-storied facility at the financial district in hyderabad with an investment of about rs 1,000 ...

public sector banks will increase interest rates on fresh home loans by at least 50 basis points to partly offset the rising cost ...

india is stepping up purchases of us dollars after a 5 per cent gain in the rupee in six months eroded corporate profits and ...

chennai-based indian overseas bank (iob) has entered into a tie-up with man financial-sify securities india ltd (mf-ssi), a ...

jamnagar district co-operative registrar s n joshi has been appointed as liquidator for rajkot mahila nagrik sahakari bank ltd ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $995 million to $180.047 billion for the week ended february 2, according to data released by ...

bonds had the biggest weekly drop in almost a month after a government report showed inflation accelerated at the fastest pace in ...

reserve bank of india is open to using all instruments, including the cash reserve ratio and market stabilisation scheme, to ...

the insurance industry may see moves to shift to risk-based capital norms in the next three to four years from the current ...

call rates softened to 6.13 per cent, the lowest in two months, as liquidity in the market improved owing to a sharp increase in ...

the 10-year bonds fell for a fourth day, sending yields to the highest in more than a week, on speculation a report tomorrow will ...

rupee closed little changed on speculation the central bank is selling it to curb gains following the currency s climb to a ...

india s interest-rate policy hasn t changed and the central bank needs to look at economic growth data more carefully, deputy ...

findings abn amro holding economists, led by irene cheung in singapore, in a january 22 research note, suggested ...

reserve bank of india has allowed foreign institutional investors (fiis) to cancel and rebook forward contracts up to 2 per cent ...

bonds declined, reversing earlier gains, on concern a drop in spare cash at banks will prompt investors to demand higher yields ...

industrial development bank of india will raise up to rs 1,500 crore through lower tier ii bonds in the next 12 months to support ...

individuals fancy unit-linked invstment plans (ulips) feeling they only have an upside in exposure to equity market, but the ...

public sector banks, which have been asked by the government to hold their home loan rates, are expected to review their interest ...

with the union budget just a few days away, nationalised banks are gearing up for agri commodities foray, anticipating amendments ...

falling in line with other major nationalised banks, the canara bank has taken up a phased programme to bring all its 17 branches ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh) is targeting to garner deposits to the tune of rs 3,000 crore from its recently launched sbh 500 ...

after a rise of up to rs 22,000 in car prices last week, prospective buyers are in for another jolt. leading banks like icici ...

prime lending and home loan rates hiked by 100bps to 14.75% and 11.75% respectively.

bonds declined for a second day on speculation a government report this week will show the nation s inflation rate rose to a ...

rupee held at a 16-month high after paring gains in the day on speculation state-owned banks sold the currency on behalf of the ...

after having gathered experience in managing risks across various segments of financial services in india, icici bank may look at ...

the employees of lord krishna bank (lkb), under the banner of the united forum of lord krishna bank unions (uflu), will go on ...

the all india sbi employees association (aisbiea) has strongly reacted to the centre s decision to acquire reserve bank of ...

the finance ministry is mulling induction of some strategic investors in ifci ltd. as part of a restructuring package for the ...

loan-led consumption doubled the share of personal loans and credit card receivables in icici bank s retail portfolio to 14 per ...

icici bank has announced an increase of 1% in its benchmark advance rate (i-bar) and its floating reference rate (frr) for ...

short-term debt schemes like liquid, liquid plus, and fixed maturity schemes is likely to remain the most preferred investment ...

raising interest rates didn t work. so now asia s central bankers and governments are trying curbs on bank lending, construction ...

the pension fund regulatory and development authority (pfrda) will appoint four fund managers over the next three months to ...

bonds dropped on speculation investors will seek higher yields at a debt sale this week as a reduction of funds in the banking ...

rupee closed at the highest in 16 months, as the benchmark stock index rose to a record, stoking speculation better earnings at ...

dhanalakshmi bank, the kerala-based private bank, plans to privately place a little less than 5 per cent of its equity shares as ...

uralsib bank, russia s biggest privately owned lender, hired emirates bank international pjsc and the uk unit of india s icici ...

the country s largest lender state bank of india would raise $700 million by march through bonds overseas, chairman and managing ...

hdfc standard life has recorded a strong year-on-year performance in karnataka for the year january-december 2006, compared with ...

bank of maharashtra (bom) would be adding 38 more branches to its existing network of 1,325 branches in the country by the end of ...

finance minister p chidambaram today asked public sector banks to hold housing loan interest rates at current ...

less than a month after five financial institutions sold 20 per cent in the national stock exchange (nse), a consortium of five ...

the officer and staff unions of the state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest commercial bank, are working on a joint ...

the government is planning a slew of amendments to the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) act in the forthcoming ...

foreign institutional investors (fiis), who have about $50 billion exposure in the country s equities, may be concerned over ...

unions of the state bank of india (sbi) have decided to oppose the government s decision to acquire the reserve bank of india s ...

the union government may have to shell out more to ensure the continuation of loans to farmers at 7 per cent per annum. the ...

personal loans credit card receivables now borrowers will compensate for higher provisioning on personal ...

click here for videoinspired by nobel ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $924 million to $179.052 billion during the week ended january 26, according to the weekly ...

government will sell rs 9,000 crore of bonds on february 9 as part of its borrowing programme for the year ending march 31, 2007. ...

rbi will look at having a charter to make credit a human rights issue.the reserve bank of india is considering drafting a ...

the banking sector s profitability took a knock in the quarter ended december 2006 owing to higher provisioning, costly ...

the union cabinet today approved the transfer of the reserve bank of india s holding in the country s largest lender, state bank ...

the insurance regulatory development authority of india (irda) has shortened the waiting period for life insurance companies for ...

bank of baroda is discussions with three european insurance and financial group - munich re, societe generale (socgen) and legal ...

the country s two biggest banks state bank of india (sbi) and icici bank are estimated to take huge hits on their bottom ...

bangalore city, increasingly being known for its stressful and hectic urban lifestyle, gets unsatisfactory rating on the health ...

to let reserve bank of india (rbi) focus on regulation, the union cabinet today approved the transfer of reserve bank ...

all the banks in the country will go on a one-day strike on february 23 to show their solidarity towards employees of the central ...

ten-year bonds gained the most in more than two years after the central bank raised the overnight lending rate to curb money ...

rupee rose to near its highest in 12 months, rounding six months of gains, after the central bank raised the interest rate for ...

bellwether microfinance fund (bw) has received an investment of $2.4 million from dutch financial major, nederlandse ...

borrowing costs are set to rise again across the board, more sharply for commercial real estate and capital market players, with ...

punjab national bank (pnb), the country s second largest public sector lender, today reported a 16 per cent increase in net ...

borrowing costs are set to rise again across-the-board, more sharply for commercial real estate and capital market players, with ...

private lender yes bank today announced it will hike its benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) by 50 bps with effect from ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said the objective of policy measures taken at the current juncture would be to bring ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today reduced the deposit rates of nr (e) ra and fcnr (b) deposit rates by 50 basis points and 25 ...

the government today said hike in overnight lending rate by 0.25% by the rbi would tame inflation, but not affect india s growth ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today doubled the provisioning for credit card receivables and personal loans (pls) to 2% from ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today hiked the expected gdp growth for the year ending march 31, 2007 to 8.5-9%. real ...

zurich-based ubs, which acquired standard chartered bank s asset management business in the country, is now likely to enter the ...

andhra bank posted a marginal 5.75 per cent rise in net profit at rs 136.28 crore for the quarter ended december 2006, against rs ...

t rowe price, one of the world s largest investment management companies, plans to enter the mutual fund business in the country. ...

the use of business intelligence (bi) solutions to determine general and life insurance policies can result in 10-15 per cent ...

the competition among banks to raise resources is turning fierce. bank of india is doling out an additional 25 basis points for ...

the 10-year bonds fell, sending yields to near the highest in five months, on forecasts the central bank will increase interest ...

the rupee advanced for a second day on optimism global funds will increase purchases of the nation s stocks to benefit from ...

the kerala-based catholic syrian bank is in the process of seeking the reserve bank of india s (rbi) permission to sell a 15 per ...

the reserve bank may have to do a tightrope walk on january 31 review of the monetary policy to ensure that buoyancy in economy ...

the state bank of travancore (sbt) has launched a new deposit scheme incorporating distinct benefits and higher rate of interest. ...

individuals and corporate borrowers face the prospect of further interest rate increases, as the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

the on-going momentum in economic growth is likely to remain robust in the rest of 2006-07, according to the macroeconomic and ...

kerala-based catholic syrian bank (csb) is in the process of seeking the permission of the reserve bank of india (rbi) to sell ...

attractive valuations of small- and mid-cap stocks compared with their large-cap counterparts have led fund houses to float a ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to allow the use of triple a-rated corporate bonds for repo (repurchase) transactions ...

bankers are bracing themselves up for at least a 0.25% hike in short-term rates in the reserve bank of india s (rbi) quarterly ...

vijaya bank today reported a 58% increase in net profit at rs 92.73 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2006 when ...

foreign exchange reserves zoomed $702 million to $178.128 billion for the week ended january 19, according to the weekly ...

union bank of india s profit grew 11.66 per cent to rs 255.84 crore in the third quarter ended december 31, 2006 from rs 229.08 ...

shedding its image of a brick-and-mortar organisation, the life insurance corporation of india (lic) is all set venture into the ...

alarmed over the negative net worth of 40 regional rural banks, the flag-bearers of government-sponsored development programmes, ...

bonds fell this week on speculation the central bank is planning an interest-rate increase after it raised yields at a treasury ...

rupee advanced for a second week on speculation overseas investors will increase purchases of local equities to benefit from ...

canfin homes has posted 45 per cent increase in net profit to rs 9.5 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2006 against ...

bank of india (boi) has announced the launch of its third credit counselling centre in chennai under a trust called abhay , set ...

bajaj allianz life insurance company aims to collect rs 182 crore premium income during the last quarter of the current financial ...

union bank of india today reported a 12% increase in net profit at rs 255.84 crore for the quarter ended december 31, 2006 when ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) net profit increased an impressive 27 per cent to rs 182.42 crore in the third quarter ended ...

allahabad bank reported 27.57 per cent growth in net profit for the quarter ended december 31, 2006, to rs 286.13 crore against ...

bank of baroda has posted 62.7 per cent growth in its third-quarter profit at rs 329.13 crore from rs 202.18 crore in same period ...

allahabad bank s plans for setting up 40 60 joint venture subsidiary with the punjab national bank (pnb) for starting banking ...

icici bank, the country s second largest bank, and state-run union bank of india today set the ball rolling for industry wide ...

asian stocks rose to an eight-month high, led by toyota motor and samsung electronics, after us economic reports suggested ...

one of rajasthan s premier banks, the state bank of bikaner and jaipur (sbbj), has drawn up plans to achieve a total business of ...

hdfc recorded 25 per cent growth in net profit for the quarter ended december 31, 2006. it stood at rs 355.49 crore, against rs ...

icici bank, the country s second largest bank, and union bank of india today set the ball rolling for an industry-wide rise in ...

corporation bank today reported a 27% increase in net profit at rs 146.42 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2006 as ...

indian overseas bank today reported a % increase in net profit at rs 246.78 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2006 ...

bank of baroda (bob) today reported a 63% increase in net profit at rs 329.13 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2006 ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest bank, today reported a 4.5 per cent fall in net profit for the quarter ended ...

indian bank plans to merge its housing finance arm, indbank housing ltd (ihl), with its parent bank within the next three years. ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has granted the authorised dealer license (ad licence) after a gap of thirty years to a ...

chennai-based indian bank, which will tap the capital market with initial public offer (ipo) of 8.59 crore shares, expects to ...

bonds rose after the government yesterday reduced import duties on some metals and chemicals to help lower manufacturing costs ...

the rupee fell, ending two days of gains, on speculation the central bank sold the indian currency. the central bank may have ...

in a meeting today with the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda), insurance companies, with much reluctance, ...

click here for videoprudential plc ...

the rupee dropped a second day on speculation the central bank will sell it to curb gains after the currency rose 6 percent in ...

state bank of india (sbi) today reported a marginal 4% increase in consolidated net profit at rs 1,524.42 crore for the third ...

kotak mahindra bank today reported a 39 per cent rise in its net profit in the third quarter ended december 31, 2006, on strong ...

bank of india net profit rose 78 per cent to rs 255 crore for the third quarter ended december 2006 against rs 143 crore in the ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) today reported net profit of rs 126.79 crore in the third quarter of 2006-07, which ...

bonds fell, pushing yields to the highest in more than four months, after the government said it will go ahead with a debt sale ...

the rupee advanced a second day on optimism overseas investors will resume buying local equities to benefit from rising corporate ...

hdfc bank is setting up specialised branches for lending to self-help groups (shg) as it plans to double its micro-lending ...

general insuance companies will meet the chairman of insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) over the finance ...

state bank of india has declared 100 per cent financial inclusion in gulbarga district with the cooperation of banks in the ...

kotak mahindra bank is planning to sell 25 kg gold in kerala during the second half of the current fiscal, according to k v s ...

idbi is exploring the option of selling its stake in premium institutions such as the national stock exchange (nse), national ...

the resources-starved state bank of india (sbi) is estimated to have witnessed a huge spike in its lending portfolio last ...

icici bank, the country s second-largest bank, today reported a higher than expected 42 per cent year-on-year rise in net profit ...

icici bank today reported a 42% increase in net profit at rs 910.08 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2006 when ...

state bank of india (sbi) has extended the period for accepting term deposits of rs 15 lakh and above but below rs 1 crore in the ...

foreign exchange reserves zoomed $841 million to $177.426 billion for the week ended january 12, according to the weekly ...

the central bureau of investigation (cbi) has filed chargesheets against the former chairman of global trust bank (gtb), ramesh ...

the reserve bank of india will look at allowing indian companies to directly give loans to their step down companies for overseas ...

the 10-year bond yield rose to near its highest in four months on concerns a report tomorrow will show inflation accelerated at ...

the discount rate on commercial paper (cp) has touched 10 per cent for the first time since june 2002, mirroring a sharp increase ...

the insurance regulatory development authority of india (irda) has internally formed a committee to look into insurance ...

fiscal consolidation is one of the critical challenges on the way forward to sustaining high rate of growth, and the negative ...

the state bank of india s chandigarh circle, comprising punjab, haryana, jammu and kashmir, himachal pradesh and the union ...

canara bank s net profit for the third quarter ended december 2006 was nearly flat, as its investments depreciated by rs 185 ...

ahead of rbi s review of credit policy this month-end, bank of india (boi) chairman m balachandran today said there is pressure ...

bonds fell, pushing yields near a four-month high after a government official said a decree to change the measure of debt banks ...

deutsche bank ag chief executive officer josef ackermann said the investment bank has a very good pipeline and predicted a lift ...

the statutory liquidity ratio ordinance, aimed at removing the floor limit for bank deposits in government securities, is likely ...

public sector banks with large presence in the rural and semi-urban areas have seen a secondary market opportunity emerging for ...

an ordinance seeking to empower reserve bank of india (rbi) to cut the statutory liquidity ratio (slr) below 25% is expected to ...

click here for videointernational ...

canara bank chairman and managing director m b n rao said today the bank plans to raise $100 million (rs 443 crore) hybrid tier i ...

the rupee gained for the third day on speculation rising corporate profits will encourage international investors to buy stocks ...

state bank of india (sbi) chairman o p bhatt today admitted that excessive lending to certain sectors at some banks was a cause ...

icici lombard general insurance has entered into an agreement with small industries development bank of india (sidbi) for ...

banks suffer a high default rate of about 40 per cent in rural areas, as against just 10 per cent by non-governmental agencies ...

bankmuscat, oman s largest listed company, said it had agreed to buy 43 per cent stake in brokerage mangal keshav group for an ...

asian development bank (adb) is planning to raise $1 billion through bonds in india to provide rupee-denominated loans to public ...

o p bhatt, chairman, state bank of india (sbi), today said there was ample liquidity in the financial system to support credit ...

bank consumers receiving cheques from the state government s local offices and postal department of the union government are ...

the rupee gained on optimism rising corporate earnings will encourage overseas investors to buy stocks and other assets to ...

the country s 10-year bonds advanced as four-month high yields lured investors betting the central bank won t change a rule ...

sabre capital worldwide inc, which had earlier set up an india-specific $350 million dollar private equity fund, today said it ...

thrissur-based south indian bank (sib) has earned an all-time high net profit of rs 81.56 crore for the nine-month period ended ...

centurion bank of punjab, a private bank controlled by the rana talwar-promoted sabre capital, is planning to buy more domestic ...

the runaway growth in housing loans over the last few years has played a major part in worsening banks asset-liability maturity ...

tamil nadu followed by maharashtra topped the list of states with the highest credit-deposit ratio, higher than all-india c-d ...

the financial sector will have reason to cheer in the next few months, says the government. measures expected to be taken by the ...

private sector banks, including icici bank, cannot match their public sector competitors like the state bank of india (sbi) and ...

south indian bank today reported a 20% increase in net profit at rs 24.84 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2006 ...

banks are expected to show robust earnings in the december quarter on the back of high credit growth and hike in prime lending ...

the reserve bank is unlikely to cut slr given the spurt in credit growth in december and the recent hike in crr, even though the ...

the delhi-based punjab national bank (pnb) will maintain status quo on its 74.07 per cent holding in its primary dealership ...

idbi bank may consider funding civilian nuclear power projects once players firm up their plans in this segment, a top bank ...

foreign exchange reserves plunged to $176.585 billion from $666 million for the week ended january 5, according ...

the european bank for reconstruction development (ebrd) will pick up around 15 per cent stake in zao srei leasing, the ...

uti bank today said its net profit in the third quarter ended december 2006 rose 40 per cent on the back of a rapid growth in ...

the return on the country s foreign exchange reserves improved to 3.9 per cent for july 2005-june 2006 from 3.1 per cent in ...

the finance ministry is expected to announce a life insurance package for below poverty line workers in the unorganised sector in ...

china s stock market topped $1 trillion for the first time and the yuan rose past the hong kong dollar, reflecting an economy ...

the bank of england unexpectedly raised its benchmark interest rate by a quarter-point, the third increase since august, as ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) may consider permitting domestic insurance companies to set up ...

the country s largest life insurer life insurance corporation of india (lic) has maintained its robust growth during the first ...

over 40 per cent of the expansion in bank credit in the first nine months of 2006-07 happened just in a month. the spurt in ...

government securities halted two days of losses after crude oil prices fell to the lowest since june 2005, spurring optimism ...

the company law board has given its go-ahead to maharashtra-based sangli bank for the extraordinary general body meeting (egm) on ...

city union bank (cub), a small private sector bank based at kumbakonam in tamil nadu, is increasing its authorised capital ...

hdfc bank, the second largest private sector bank, today said its net profit in the third quarter ended december 31, 2006 rose 32 ...

international finance corporation (ifc), the private equity venture of the world bank group, deg, one of the largest european ...

indbank merchant banking services ltd, the subsidiary of indian bank, has announced the launch of indbankonline , an online ...

hdfc bank q3fy07 net profit rose 31.7% to rs 295.64 crore as against rs 224.40 crore in the corresponding quarter a year ...

the country s 10-year bonds extended declines for a second day after the finance minister said manufacturing prices are rising ...

kerala-based dhanalakshmi bank is preparing a roadmap to pare promoter stake to 10 per cent and achieve a net worth of rs 300 ...

rupee dropped to the lowest in more than two weeks on speculation companies bought more dollars to settle overseas payments on ...

icici bank, the country s largest private sector bank, today raised a record $2 billion of dollar-denominatd debt from overseas ...

export credit guarantee corporation of india (ecgc), the fifth largest credit insurer of the world in terms of national exports ...

any further escalation in interest rates from the current elevated levels is seen hurting banks, even as expectations are growing ...

icici bank today raised a record $2 billion of dollar-denominatd debt from overseas markets to fund loans growth in the country ...

rating agencies moody s investors service and icra today said further reform of the financial markets is needed if india is to ...

the unprecedented run of high credit growth over the last three years is seen as coming to an end amid the latest round of ...

indian bonds snapped a two-day rally as yields at their lowest in a month deterred buyers before an interest-rate decision by the ...

the rupee rose on speculation that overseas funds will increase investments in stocks, betting the government will introduce ...

bajaj allianz life insurance has launched unit gain guarantee-sp, a single premium policy that offers capital guarantee plus ...

a major reshuffle in the top brass of nationalised banks is on the cards, with the finance ministry s banking division scheduled ...

the reserve bank of india today said banks would have to obtain minimum 50 per cent margin for guarantees issued on behalf of ...

icici bank, the country s second largest bank, plans to raise another $1 billion through senior unsecured bonds and upper tier ii ...

claiming that interest rate would remain stable in the short term, state bank of india chairman o p bhatt today said the ...

bharti enterprises and axa today announced that they have signed a memorandum of understanding to establish a joint venture ...

public sector andhra bank is in the lookout for a partner to start a life insurance venture after talks with japanese insurance ...

the 10-year bond yield dropped to the lowest in a month after the government cut the size of a planned debt sale this month to ...

the rupee witnessed the biggest fluctuation of any currency today and fell to its lowest in more than two weeks on speculation ...

icici prudential life insurance company, the country s largest private life insurer, has increased its capital by rs 230 crore, ...

the government securities market is likely to witness a demand-supply imbalance in the next couple of quarters, as a healthy ...

deccan grameena bank, which was formed in march 2006 by amalgamating four regional rural banks sponsored by the state bank of ...

global financial services major barclays bank today said it will launch its commercial and retail banking services in india soon ...

what is the reason behind foreign companies making a beeline to enter the insurance business in the country. it s pretty obvious ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest bank, today increased interest rates on term deposits between rs 15 lakh and rs ...

the excess cash balance in the banking system is expected to slip back into deficit as the second 25-basis-point increase in the ...

the country s top private non-life insurer icici lombard says it will wait till march 2008, when general insurance will be fully ...

the impact of 50 basis points increase in cash reserve ratio (crr) required to be maintained by banks was non-disruptive , said ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today asked banks to have board-approved policies for valuation of properties, as its correctness ...

the reserve bank of india and the maharashtra government will form two taskforces for co-operative urban banks (tafcub) to work ...

banks want parents of students seeking educational loans to be made co-borrowers to facilitate loan recovery after completion of ...

raising longer-term capital funds is becoming costlier for banks. the mark-up on the interest if banks do not select call option ...

the latest cycle of increase in home loan rates has been completed with housing development finance corporation (hdfc) raising ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked banks to have board-approved policies for valuation of properties, as its correctness ...

hdfc increased its prime lending rate (plr) by 50 basis points on 1 january, but left pure fixed rates untouched at ...

indian bonds declined on concern government debt sales will drain money from the banking system in the coming weeks, leaving ...

icici bank ltd, the country s largest by market value, hired citigroup inc, deutsche bank ag and merrill lynch co to sell ...

the government has proposed an educational loan scheme wherein banks would make disbursements based on applications screened by ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) has set a target of just 11 per cent increase in its total premium new business plus ...

funding from banks for capital market players has become highly restrictive with the recent squeeze in liquidity and the interest ...

teradata, a division of ncr corporation india private ltd that provides enterprise data warehousing and analytical solutions, has ...

the dollar declined to its weakest in three weeks against the euro. the dollar slid against all 16 of the most actively traded ...

uk government bonds may decline on speculation the bank of england will keep raising interest rates to curb inflation. gilts had ...

us treasuries advanced on expectations as government and private reports this week will show job creation slowed and ...

the life insurance joint venture between union bank of india, bank of india and japanese company dai ichi mutual life insurance ...

kotak mutual fund today filed its draft offer document with the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) for gold exchange ...

indian corporates and banks raised a whopping sum from domestic and overseas markets in 2006 mirroring the sizzling growth in the ...

bajaj auto finance ltd has plans to increase the foreign institutional holding in the company to 30 per cent, up from the present ...

the free pricing regime in the general insurance industry has come into force, with the insurance regulatory and development ...

the banks in the state have surpassed the annual credit plan consecutively for two years, and so far this year they disbursed rs ...

the tight liquidity condition is expected to ease a little over a fortnight from now to help the overnight call money rate settle ...

canara bank has hiked its benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) by 25 bps - from 11.50% to 11.75% - effective today.the ...

indians romance with cheap loans finally ended in 2006, with the reserve bank of india (rbi) industriously designing ways to ...

with india ranking seventh among the top 10 countries where kidnapping has taken the proportion of a flourishing industry, ...

the country s rising call money rates, which touched a six-year high today, may not be a cause for concern for the market, as ...

major public and private sector banks may raise their deposit rates to fund the growth in credit and mobilise resources for the ...

trade deficit increased to $17.933 billion during the quarter ended september 2006, according to data released the reserve bank ...

the insurance regulatory development authority of india (irda) has clamped down on excessive discounts on fire, engineering and ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) is planning to approve five projects in tamil nadu under the ...

the nizamabad district co-operative central bank ltd has entered into a bancassurance tie-up with aviva life insurance. under ...

reliance general insurance has launched reliance healthwise - a health insurance policy covering hospitalisation expenses, ...

banks have sought flexibility (fungibility) in direct and indirect lending to agriculture and allied sectors to increase ...

banks have urged the reserve bank of india (rbi) to consider allowing them to issue new instruments to tide over the severe ...

home loan, personal loan and corporate customers of state bank of india (sbi) will have to pay more interest as the country s ...

the icici bank will soon tie up with us-based penson worldwide, a broker services and trade clearing company, for its overseas ...

the general insurance corporation of india (gic) has said that it was downgraded for its financial strength rating by am best ...

banks have reacted strongly against the reserve bank of india s (rbi) draft proposals on derivatives trading, saying it was an ...

western union, a leading provider of global money transfer services, in association with espn star sports, will sponsor two ...

state bank of india (sbi) today hiked its benchmark prime lending rate (referred to as sbar) by 50 basis points (bps) to 11.50% ...

the state bank of hyderabad (sbh) has signed an mou with the department of rural development, andhra pradesh government, and the ...

the centurion bank of punjab has launched centurion elite here. centurion elite is an exclusive one-on-one banking service aimed ...

new-generation private sector bank, yes bank, has upped its prime lending rate (plr) by 50 basis points from 12.5 to 13 per cent ...

chennai-based indian bank is bullish about its maiden public issue that is likely to hit the market in january to raise rs ...

country s second largest psu bank, punjab national bank plans to raise the lending rates for its prime customers such as ...

oriental bank of commerce today announced 0.25-1% increase in term deposit rates and 0.25% increase in prime lending ...

global reinsurer swiss reinsurance company (swiss re) on friday completed the acquisition a 3.57 per cent stake in india s newest ...

the allahabad bank-led, five-party venture for a non-life insurance company is expected to start operations by april-may 2007. ...

the overnight call money rate today rose to a six-year high as banks struggled to cover cash requirements ahead of the first ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today allowed 49% foreign investment in stock exchanges, depositories and clearing corporations ...

yes bank has received equity infusion of rs 120 crore ($26.5 million), via private placement of 10 million equity shares, from ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) and life insurance corporation of india (lic) have forged an alliance to fund about ...

canara bank will announce stake sale in its mutual fund arm to a global player within 2-3 weeks, said chairman and managing ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor rakesh mohan today said the cash tightness in the banking system was temporary. ...

bank of india (boi), union bank of india and japan based dai-chi mutual life insurance today signed an mou in new delhi to set up ...

the country s second-largest and largest private sector bank icici bank today borrowed $1 billion from overseas markets to fund ...

hdfc bank, the country s second largest private sector bank, has decided to follow its counterpart, icici bank in increasing ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) would examine ways of increasing lending to urban poor, women and self help groups (shgs) in its ...

the jammu and kashmir bank has received the reserve bank of india s nod for enhancing the cap of foreign institutional investment ...

rakesh mohan, deputy governor of reserve bank of india (rbi), today said the cash tightness in the banking system was temporary. ...

union bank of india, bank of india and dai-ichi mutual life insurance company (dal-ichi life) are setting up a joint venture life ...

icici bank signed a $1 billion yen-equivalent syndication loan agreement in geneva yesterday.according to a release ...

with the reserve bank of india (rbi) rationalising its guidelines, resident individuals now have the freedom to invest in any ...

three major bangalore-based nationalised banks canara bank, syndicate bank and vijaya bank have signed an memorandum of ...

union bank of india will join the proposed life insurance venture between bank of india (boi) and dai-ichi mutual life insurance ...

shriram transport finance company ltd (stfcl), in association with uti bank, has launched a co-branded credit card exclusively ...

public sector banks (psbs) want to pass on the increasing cost of funds to borrowers across the board, but are unwilling to take ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) will sanction rs 95 crore for construction of 5,000 houses for ...

dhanalakshmi bank limited is targetting to achieve an aggregate business of rs 5,000 crore this fiscal. it is eyeing to garner rs ...

the uco bank, on tuesday, launched retail sales force (rsf) programme at its three branches in vijayawada to solicit and service ...

vijaya bank is firming up plans to take its exclusive late-hours demand draft (dd) issuing counters concept -- dd shoppe -- to ...

at a time when the general insurance industry is heading towards lifting of price controls from insurance products the ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) today liberalised the overseas remittance scheme to $50,000 (approximately rs 22.50 lakh) from the ...

union bank of india (ubi) is all set to veture into life isurance business.according to a release issued by ubi to the ...

reliance general insurance has achieved a new business premium of rs 520 crore in april to november 2006 compared with rs 100 ...

the centurion bank of punjab, a leading retail bank, is planning to add 30 branches. the bank will have 403 branches in the ...

indian banks tripled their bond issuance in 2006 to $2.29 billion in 2006 from $625 million in 2005, as the lenders sought to ...

the government has called a meeting of regulators later this week to sort out issues about jurisdiction for regulation of ...

aig capital india, a subsidiary of us-based aig capital corporation, is acquiring a chennai-based small non-banking finance ...

on an average, eight to ten per cent of the insured population claim under mediclaim. last year, eight out of hundred mediclaim ...

leading private sector bank icici today announced free access at over 18,000 atms, including non-icici ones, across india for its ...

in order to boost wool production in the country and provide financial security to shepherds, the central wool development board ...

iffco-tokio general insurance ( itgi) has announced claim disbursement worth rs 42.5 lakh for its recently launched barish bima ...

bank of japan (boj) today kept the interest rates unchanged at 0.25%.the bank s move is in line with market ...

the orissa cabinet has decided to restructure the sick orissa state finance corporation (osfc), which is reeling under ...

the proposed transaction involving the transfer of reserve bank of india s shareholding in the state bank of india to government ...

as part of its star gaurav project to reach the numero uno position in the banking sector by 2009, bank of india (boi) is ...

federal bank on monday announced a slew of measures to widen its portfolio. it is planning to enter wealth management and buying ...

the oic alliance, a consortium comprising oriental bank of commerce, indian bank and corporation bank, will take its first step ...

the tokyo-based shinsei bank is all set to foray into the indian mutual fund business by forming a joint venture asset management ...

overnight money rates continued to stay high amid fears that the recent tightening by the reserve bank of india (rbi) was just ...

the public sector bank of maharashtra (bom) has set a target of doubling its total business from rs 55,000 crore expected to be ...

leading public sector banking major bank of india (boi) today hiked interest rates on its domestic term deposits of various ...

standard chartered bank is buying out uti securities 24 per cent stake in standard charted uti securities india, a primary ...

chennai-based indian bank is focussing on agriculture, small and medium enterprises (sme), retail and education sectors for ...

in yet another indication of the tight money, call rates - the indicator of the interest rates for overnight funds - have shot up ...

the corporate sector and banks will henceforth have the onus of deciding the fate of their debt for tax treatment, with their ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) wants banks to simplify their retail products as it feels banks are selling what they want to ...

centurion bank of punjab today raised its lending rates by 50 basis points, a day after icici bank took the lead in pushing up ...

the government needs to back up the reserve bank of india s (rbi) efforts at dealing with high money supply and also for ...

with the heating up of the mergers and acquisitions space in india, insurers and international brokers are seeing ...

shamrao vithal co-operative bank (svcb), a scheduled bank with branches in karnataka, maharastra and goa, plans to take over four ...

commercial banks in karnataka disbursed 54 per cent of the targeted farm loan in the first seven months of the current fiscal. ...

rakesh mohan, deputy governor of reserve bank of india (rbi), today said the central bank is looking at liquidity, inflation and ...

clearing operations are likely to be affected as over five lakh employees of public sector banks, barring the state bank of india ...

andhra bank and the india infrastructure finance company ltd (iifc) have entered into an agreement to cooperate on creating a ...

new india assurance, national insurance and united india insurance are following oriental insurance company in raising health ...

bharti axa life insurance company today announced the launch of its nationwide operations. the company is entering delhi, ...

some banks are camouflaging their lending to small, unknown real estate developers to skirt stringent capital adequacy and ...

the vijaya bank, vijayawada region, covering nine coastal andhra districts and chittoor district, generated a business of rs ...

the state bank of travancore (sbt) has hiked the interest rates for domestic term deposits and non-resident ordinary term ...

hdfc bank is on an expansion spree in himachal pradesh this week. it opened the mandi branch today, the fifth in the state. it ...

monetary tightening by the reserve bank of india (rbi) has begun to take effect, with icici bank, the country s second largest ...

the world bank has sounded a note of caution on the global economy, which it says has reached a turning point with a slowdown ...

icici bank today announced an increase of 0.5% in its benchmark advance rate (i-bar) and floating reference rate (frr) for ...

allahabad bank s proposed joint venture with punjab national bank (pnb) for setting up a banking subsidiary in kazakhstan is ...

vinod rai, secretary (financial sector) in the ministry of finance, today said the transfer of the stake of reserve bank of india ...

about 2,000 employees of the sangli bank ltd have opposed the move to merge with icici. they, however, prefer merger with a ...

chennai-based indian bank, which has entered into a strategic alliance with oriental bank of commerce and corporation bank, is ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) today paved the way for creating uniform platform for the trading of corporate ...

the overnight rate shot past the top-end of the money market band amid shrinking liquidity and government bond yields rose for ...

global ratings agency standard poor s (s p) on tuesday said the risks for debt and equity investors in the asia-pacific ...

the central government has set in motion the process of closure of kolkata-based industrial investment bank of india (iibi) by ...

metlife insurance will be doubling the number of financial planning consultants it has from 11,480 people to around 20,000 during ...

kotak mahindra old mutual life insurance ltd (kotak life insurance), one of the fastest-growing insurance companies in india, has ...

the state bank of india (sbi) and bio-tech, lucknow, entered into an alliance for financing farmers tissue culture labs, agri ...

the rural co-operative credit sector in the country is set to get a boost with $1 billion loan from the asian development bank ...

germany s deutsche bank has infused rs 1,125 crore into its indian operations to tap growing opportunities in infrastructure ...

zurich-based swiss reinsurance co, the world s largest reinsurer, will buy 26% stake in leading third-party administrator (tpa) ...

bond yields rose sharply and overnight call rates touched 7.15 per cent following the reserve bank of india s (rbi) decision to ...

indian bank is all set to focus on funding technologically advanced agriculture projects in gujarat. the decision has been taken ...

the all india reserve bank employees association (airbea) has decided to intensify its agitation against the reserve bank of ...

employees of public sector banks and insurance companies will strike work on thursday (december 14) to oppose outsourcing of ...

deutsche bank today announced that it will increase capital for its indian branches by rs 1125 crore ($253mn). this capital ...

bank of india will buy a majority stake in indonesia s bank swadesi early next year, siti fadjrijah, deputy governor of ...

banks are likely to take a final view on raising interest rates on loans as well as deposits by the end of this week or early ...

icici bank, the country s second largest bank, will buy sangli bank in an all-stock deal that values the 90-year-old, small ...

punjab national bank, the country s second-largest public sector bank, is hoping to start its life insurance venture next year ...

ing vysya life insurance plans to infuse rs 700 crore in capital over the next three years. the company claimed that this will ...

banks are finding new ways of funding the high level credit growth, with lagging deposit accretion making lendable resources ...

state bank of india has decided to raise the domestic term deposit rates by 25-75 basis points across various maturities to match ...

finance minister p chidambaram today said the government intended to buy the reserve bank of india s (rbi s) 59.73 per cent stake ...

icici bank, the country s second-largest bank but biggest in terms of market value, is set to acquire sangli bank, a 90-year-old, ...

state bank of india (sbi) today increased interest rates on term deposits across maturities.according to a release issued ...

finance minister p chidambaram today said that the government will not dilute its stake in psu banks below 51%, and that its ...

the country s second largest bank, icici bank, is set to acquire the sangli bank, a 90-year-old, financially-weak private sector ...

texas pacific group (tpg), the global private-equity fund, which manages around $20 billion, has named former intel capital ...

jp morgan s principal real estate investments has invested $60 million (approximately rs 270 crore) in a property project with ...

uti mutual fund today entered into an arrangement with union bank of india for providing the bank s employees and customers an ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) carved out non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) financing physical assets for productive, ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) will hire about 1,000 finance professionals over the next few months to meet business ...

interest rates are seen remaining stable in the short term. chairmen of state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest bank, ...

uti mutual fund today entered into an arrangement with union bank of india for providing banks employees and customers an ...

indian banks association (iba) today negated the need for an immediate hike in interest rates, saying there was no ...

state bank of india (sbi) will raise fresh capital through a public offer next fiscal after the sbi amendment bill is approved by ...

the breezy growth in life insurance business has pushed further away icici prudential life insurance s target for breaking even. ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today announced that it would lift pricing controls on motor insurance, ...

oriental bank of commerce, indian bank and corporation bank (oic alliance) are likely to allow each others customers to use ...

ibm has announced that hdfc bank has selected it for an information management software project, which will help the bank in ...

in a bid to tap the growing business potential in the eastern part of the country, union bank intends to add 18 more branches and ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked banks to refrain forthwith from the restrictive practice of linking locker facility ...

icici bank, the country s second largest bank, opened representatives offices in three east-asian countries thailand, indonesia ...

thrissur-based south indian bank (sib) has announced the launch of sib citibank visa credit card, a co-branded international ...

bangalore-based canara bank is expanding its reach in the western and northern regions of the country. it will open most of the ...

the chennai-based star health and allied insurance co, the country s first stand-alone health insurance company, plans to expand ...

atul chandra varma yesterday assumed charge as the managing director of state bank of patiala, at the bank s head office in ...

the reserve bank of india has allowed non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) to distribute mutual fund products and issue ...

catching up trend to reward shareholders in the course of financial year, bank of india has declared interim dividend of rs 2 ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has further liberalised the norms for corporates to raise funds through external commercial ...

chennai-based indian bank has said that it had filed its draft red herring prospectus (drhp) with the securities and exchange ...

hongkong and shanghai banking corporation (hsbc) has signed an arrangement with mann deshi mahila sahakari bank, based out of ...

the vijayawada circle of the indian bank mobilised rs 138 crore deposits in just the first six months of financial year 2006-07, ...

by combining the traditional strengths with modern technology, old generation private sector banks can face competition from the ...

high volatility in share prices over the last couple of years amid a surge in the number of trades has increased the stress ...

shriram transport finance company (stfc), part of the shriram group, has posted 15.02 per cent growth in its net profit at rs ...

foreign exchange reserves zoomed from a meagre $2.427 billion to $172.782 billion for the week ended november 24, according to ...

spending by visa cardholders visiting the country grew 23 per cent to rs 6,000 crore during july 2005-june 2006 compared with a ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is keeping a watch on inflation, which remained at higher levels on rise in prices of primary ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has withdrawn the leverage ratio norm for systematically important non-deposit taking non-banking ...

bankers see a stronger possibility of a rate hike by the reserve bank of india (rbi) in its january 2007 quarterly review ...

engineering major larsen toubro will pick up nearly a 10 per cent stake in the kumbakonam-based city union bank for rs 45 ...

asset reconstruction co (india) ltd (arcil), the country s first bad loans buyer, has resolved cases of non-performing assets ...

exide industries will infuse an additional rs 300 crore into ing vysa life to maintain its holding at 50 per cent in the ...

ing vysya life insurance, a joint venture of the ing group of the netherlands, exide industries, gujarat ambuja and enam, has set ...

kundapur vaman kamath, managing director and chief executive officer of icici bank, has been chosen business standard s banker of ...

the kotak mahindra bank is looking at spreading its wings to the middle east and far east countries including japan. the bank, ...

canada s bank of nova scotia is looking to carve out more business and push its brand in india after more than two decades of a ...

punjab national bank (pnb) has started a vast credit expansion programme for all categories of customers to increase its market ...

peerless, the rs 1,121 crore residuary non-banking finance company, looks all set to reposition itself as a personal finance ...

senior officials from public sector banks and private sector banks, met under the aegis of the indian banks association (iba) ...

life insurance corporation s (lic) joint venture in bahrain has started selling policies to non-indians and is now awaiting ...

the government should allow the reserve bank of india (rbi) to increase the share of gold in the country s foreign exchange ...

punjab national bank (pnb) has worked out an ambitious plan to expand its network and have representations in all the 16 ...

new york life investment management llc (nylim), the investment arm of new york life insurance, is planning to pick up a stake in ...

corporation bank has launched corp gram mitra yojana , a security-free consumption loan scheme for rural beneficiaries, ...

the andhra pradesh state financial corporation (apsfc) has entered into a memorandum of understanding (mou) with canara bank for ...

the ascendas india it parks trust, a $350-million private real estate fund set up by asia s leading business space provider ...

in a bid to broad base its insurance business, max new york life insurance is planning to foray into the micro insurance ...

corporate acquisitions in india are setting a new trend in raising funds through the external commercial borrowing (ecb) route ...

public sector banks (psbs) fear that the proposed revision in priority sector guidelines, if implemented, would lead to a ...

barclays bank s total lending in india is just over rs 4 crore, but its off-balance sheet liabilities are over rs 2,50,000 crore. ...

the state bank of india (sbi) launched sbi one india fund -- a close-ended growth fund to primarily invest in diversified equity ...

export import bank of india (exim bank) has tied up $230 million from the japanese market as part of its strategy of raising ...

as many as eleven banks, including punjab national bank, canara bank and bank of baroda, are planning to enter the lucrative ...

investments by japanese funds into the indian equity markets are expected to double to $ 10 billion in the next 2-3 years, feels ...

the indian rupee, which underperformed most regional currencies in the first half of the year, is gaining strength day by day and ...

japan s shinsei bank today announced an exclusive tie-up with country s largest mutual fund uti asset management company for ...

max new york life insurance company is holding talks with a general insurance company for a tie up to foray into microinsurance. ...

icici onesource, which was today rechristened as firstsource solutions, also filed its papers with sebi for an initial public ...

stating that punjab had a significant contribution in the business of punjab national bank housing finance ltd (pnbhfl), v k ...

in a reprieve to the hdfc bank, the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) today allowed the bank to open new demat ...

idbi capital market services ltd today inked an agreement with the bank of rajasthan to offer advanced e-trading services through ...

union bank of india is being chased by four new life insurance companies to make the mumbai-based bank a shareholder in their ...

the country s largest bank, state bank of india (sbi) may raise its credit growth target for 2006-07 amid pressure on margins ...

financial partners international (fpi), a international financial advisory company provides core skill of financial planning and ...

in a reprieve for hdfc bank, securities and exchange board of india (sebi) today allowed the bank to open new demat accounts ...

hsbc has urged the west bengal government to introduce online registration of properties to stop fraud that was plaguing the ...

canara bank has received a phenomenal $1.3 billion worth of subscriptions against the offering of $250 million to augment its ...

the hongkong and shanghai banking corporation (hsbc), one of the leading foreign banks, is planning to change the business mix ...

indian banks are still in the early stages of understanding the complexities and opportunities arising from the proposed revised ...

birla sun life insurance (bsli), belonging to the aditya birla group (abg), has drawn up a marketing strategy to leverage the ...

a reserve bank of india (rbi) working group has sought deferment of imposition of income tax on urban cooperative banks (ucbs) ...

the left parties have no objection to the deployment of pension funds in the stock market so long as the funds are managed by ...

hongkong and shanghai banking corporation (hsbc) is planning to change the business mix gradually in india.the bank has ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor rakesh mohan today said it was possible to bring down interest rates in the ...

the union bank of india s capital market exposure limit may decline by over rs 400 crore to about rs 1,630 crore owing to the ...

catholic syrian bank s (csb) capital raising plans are likely to be further delayed with the reserve bank of india (rbi) asking ...

icici bank, the country s second largest bank, is planning a $1 billion overseas syndicated loan. this is the third time in four ...

personal finance through innovative medicare plans, private hospitals attempt to close in the need-based policy void left ...

lakshmi vilas bank (lvb) is planning to double its customer base in two years by opening new branches in unrepresented areas and ...

with the advent of corporate giants like reliance, godrej agrovet, bharti in the agri-sector in chandigarh, the private sector ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it would lay emphasis on price stability so that there is possibility of lower ...

banks will now have to check whether a housing loan is being sought for an authorised structure and seek an undertaking that ...

us brokerage firm e trade today hiked its stake in domestic retail brokerage outfit il fs investsmart by 5 per cent to 22.2 ...

srei infrastructure finance, one of the country s largest private sector infrastructure finance company, is launching a scheme ...

bajaj allianz life insurance, a leading private player, today launched a life insurance plan for rural masses with a one time ...

the funds yield 4% vs tech funds 1.84% and bourses funds 0.85%.

the mumbai-based development credit bank (dcb), which got listed last month, plans to raise rs 225 crore of additional capital ...

half of the rs 9,000 crore of non-performing assets (npas) transferred to the stressed asset stabilisation fund (sasf) by ...

it has been more than a year since the monsoon floods devastated mumbai in july 2005, but icici bank is still grappling with the ...

international finance corporation (ifc), the private banking arm of the world bank, is aggressively looking at the opportunity to ...

the rupee weakened in the noon trades after a strong start this morning, wherein the currency hit a high of 44.79.at 1345 ...

space. luxurious sofas. wall-hung television sets dishing out latest business news. soft piped music to soothe your mood. and ...

travancore devaswom board (tdb) has insured the sabarimala ayyappa shrine for rs 30 crore, and also introduced a free-of-cost ...

the reserve bank of india s proposed exposure limit on banks lending to capital markets particularly, its decision to restrict ...

the impasse over allowing temasek and the government of singapore investment corporation (gic) to buy up to 10 per cent equity in ...

national spot exchange for agricultural produce (nseap) has said it is open to equity-sharing with banks, state bank of india ...

icici prudential life insurance has posted a growth of 143 per cent during the half year april-september 2006, earning new ...

foreign exchange reserves went up by $1.168 billion to $168.284 billion during the week ended november 10 as against $167.116 ...

an internal study by the reserve bank of india is understood to have found out that most of the foreign exchange inflows into ...

canara bank, planning to sell stake in its fully owned mutual fund arm in december, is likely to finalise the netherlands-based ...

after witnessing redemption for over two years in an uncertain interest rate scenario and amid rising bond yields, long-term ...

banks dependence on short-term deposits is rising as banks prefer to mobilise resources at lower cost and while investors await ...

as part of the new guidelines for the when-issued (wi) market, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has dispensed with the ...

former rbi deputy governor ss tarapore today said the move to transfer the ownership of state bank of india (sbi) from the ...

abn amro bank, citigroup global markets, macquarie bank, fidelity and morgan stanley have picked up a combined 34 per cent stake ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) should, by the end of march 2007, allow rupee-denominated external commercial borrowings (ecbs), ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has proposed a complete restructuring of the operations of the deposit insurance and credit ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has imposed some restrictions on the ailing sangli bank, including expansion of advances, as the ...

buoyed by robust economic growth and an international expansion spree, india inc s quest for cheaper and quicker global money is ...

state bank of india (sbi) will set up automated teller machines (atms) at 11 railway stations in chhattisgarh for internet ...

in a bid to attract potential borrowers to its fold, the personal financial services division of the banking major, hsbc india, ...

icici prudential life insurance, one of the leading life insurance companies in the country, is contemplating to offer more ...

the indian rupee continued its downtrend this morning. the rupee was quoted at 45.315 45.330 as against a close of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has said the banking system needs to innovate in order to support and facilitate the anticipated ...

the competition for raising resources, including deposits, to meet the burgeoning credit demand has taken a toll on spreads (the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said the financial system was resilient enough to withstand risks to the economy emanating ...

the off-balance sheet (obs) exposures of the banking system is concentrated in just 15 banks, most of which are foreign banks. ...

the largest life insurance provider in the country, life insurance corporation of india (lic) is all set for a digital ...

over two lakhs indians living in the united kingdom now can look forward to buying property in india. housing development finance ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi), notwithstanding concerns over accelerated pace of growth in retail credit, has said the credit ...

tata group plans to foray into banking infrastructure development. the tatas are currently in discussions with the reserve bank ...

standard chartered bank has launched its nri swagat account, which addresses the specific banking requirements of nris with ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has permitted icici bank to open new branches and set up off-site atms. this signifies the ...

the country s top two banks reported a sharp rise in loan loss provisioning in the second quarter of 2006-07. the provisioning ...

over 6,000 officers including one chief general manager (cgm) in foreign business division have sought an early separation ...

after opening strong at 44.65 $ this morning the rupee dropped to a low of 45 $.the rupee is presently quoted at ...

godrej aadhaar, the agri services and rural retail initiative of godrej agrovet, has tied up with western union money transfer to ...

in the initial phase of the tariff-free regime, which will come into effect from january 1, 2007, growth can decline in the ...

mumbai-based development credit bank (dcb), which got listed last month, plans to further increase its net worth to rs 500 crore ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) governor y v reddy today said the rbi would consider adopting some practices followed by the ...

the country s largest bank, state bank of india (sbi), is drawing up a retail and agricultural banking strategy to reclaim lost ...

reserve bank of india governor y v reddy today said that the central bank is closely monitoring the movments in the foreign ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) will take a decision on raising interest rates by the end of the month, even as it considers ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) launched jeevan madhur, a micro-insurance product targeted at covering the ...

dewan housing finance corporation wants to convert into a deposit-taking housing finance company to raise capital to meet the ...

bankers, stung by the revised draft guidelines on priority sector lending, want the reserve bank of india (rbi) to change the way ...

allahaband bank, indian overseas bank (iob), karnataka bank (kbl), dabur investment corporation and sompo japan insurance inc ...

canara bank is all set to raise $200 million through the issue of upper tier-ii foreign currency bonds. the issue will enable the ...

the union cabinet today approved the conversion of 71 per cent of central bank of india s equity capital into preference shares, ...

the united forum of reserve bank officers and employees has alleged that rbi is not keeping adequate vigil on foreign exchange ...

the government today permitted central bank of india, one of the few fully state-owned lenders, to restructure its capital base ...

thrissur-based catholic syrian bank (csb) is in talks with mauritius-based investors for privately placing a 15 per cent stake in ...

icici bank managing director and ceo k v kamath on wednesday said there is need for level playing field for banks to compete with ...

postmen will now also sell bank loans. this will soon begin on a pilot basis through post offices in maharastra and goa, amid ...

k v kamath, ceo and managing director of icici bank, today called for a level playing field for banks to compete with insurance ...

banks acute need to boost their bond reserves might not have come at a better time than now as government bond yields seemed to ...

american express today launched a premium service, the platinum club, aimed at the rapidly growing affluent consumer segment in ...

the reserve bank of india deputy governor, rakesh mohan, today said corporates in the coming years would face greater competition ...

about 150 employees of the erstwhile united western bank (uwb), which merged with industrial development bank of india (idbi ...

automated teller machines (atms) will be installed at the tiruchirapalli, thanjavur, chidambaram, villupuram, myladuthurai and ...

the finance ministry is working out the modalities for sale of reserve bank of india s stake in state bank of india to the ...

bangalore-based metlife india insurance company has got a national footprint for its bancassurance channel, having succeeded in ...

the average net non-performing assets (npa) of listed public sector banks has fallen to 1.11 per cent at the end of september ...

hdfc bank, the country s second largest private sector bank, has decided to end its four-year-old bancassurance partnership with ...

uco bank has reported a 2.04 per cent increase in net profit in the quarter ended september 30, 2006 over the corresponding ...

india s largest mutual fund uti asset management company (amc) is launching a $200-300 million offshore infrastructure fund. ...

finance minister p chidambaram today warned chairmen of public sector banks (psbs) that the current pace of increase in credit ...

corporation bank has revised the rate of interest offered on nre term deposits and fcnr (b) deposits w.e.f. november 1, ...

shamrao vithal co-operative bank is planning to enter property reverse mortgage business, and is awaiting reserve bank of india ...

state bank of india (sbi) may raise rs 1,000-2,000 crore in tier-ii debt.sbi chairman o p bhatt said the bank may ...

finance minister p chidambaram will review the performance of psu banks today on various parameters like lending to the priority, ...

chennai-based cholamandalam dbs finance has decided to convert into a non-deposit taking non-banking finance company (nbfc) to ...

international credit rating agency fitch ratings has said finances of indian state governments are on the mend, especially since ...

union finance minister p chidambaram has urged domestic banks to increase lending to the poor and play a pivotal role in reaching ...

commercial banks must reorganise their rural branches with specialised procedures, products and services, said c rangarajan, head ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor y v reddy has advised commercial banks to concentrate on smaller loans in a move to derive ...

c rangarajan, head of the committee on inclusive growth and chairman of economic advisory council to the prime minister, today ...

foreign exchange reserves rose to a record $167.092 billion as on october 27 from $166.153 billion in the previous week, ...

the need for regulation of a private commercial activity can be done away with if the social responsibilities expected of private ...

idbi chairman v p shetty today said that creation of proper infrastructure and telecom connectivity combined with issuance of ...

microcredit, an important initiative aimed at financial inclusion, has proved to be a profitable business proposition both in ...

interest rates are likely to rise if deposits do not match high credit growth, the reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor, ...

reserve bank of india(rbi) governor y v reddy today said india and china were the only countries among the emerging market ...

reserve bank of india governor y v reddy said that emerging market economies have started contributing more to the growth of the ...

rupee ended off-lows as the dollar gave up its early gains versus the yen in afternoon trade, causing a sell-off in the ...

the country s largest bank, state bank of india (sbi), has adopted a strategy of reducing the portfolio of large corporate loans, ...

government bond yields slumped today, a day after the reserve bank of india hiked its repo tender rate and dropped ample hints of ...

swiss banking major credit suisse today announced plans for india, which include re-activating its brokerage in the country as it ...

small and medium information technology companies are likely to be the worst affected in a regime where there are no controls on ...

the state bank of india and icici bank, at the 61st and 66th positions, respectively, are the only indian banks that figure in ...

both yes bank and exim bank today signed an mou with cii - godrej green business centre (gbc) to promote small and medium ...

the mid-term credit policy announced by reserve bank governor y v reddy on tuesday has evoked a positive reaction in the industry ...

the state-owned central bank of india is awaiting the central government s go-ahead to convert part of rs 1,124 crore bloated ...

the kakinada town co-operative bank stood in fourth among all the cooperative banks in the state in terms of performance by ...

the plan to hive off dabhol power plant s lng facilities has run into rough weather with two of the main lenders to the project, ...

uti venture funds (uvf) today said it has invested $6 million in spice exporter firm vallabhdas kanji through its ascent india ...

amid speculations that home and personal loan rates may go up, the government today said that the 0.25% hike in repo rate is not ...

the hongkong and shanghai banking corporation (hsbc) has infused fresh capital to the tune of $200 million (rs 904 crore) into ...

a review of the laws governing money lending has been taken up by the reserve bank of india (rbi) to ensure the interests of ...

repo rate hiked by 0.25% to 7.25%.

reserve bank of india governor yv reddy has sent a strong signal to banks that they must manage their funds well or else ...

canfin homes ltd, a subsidiary of canara bank, has reported 69 per cent growth in its net profit at rs 14.87 crore for the second ...

indusind bank s net profit for the second quarter ended september 2006 dipped to rs 17.18 crore from rs 31.49 crore a year ago ...

bankers today said there will be no impact on home and auto loans due to the 0.25% hike in repo rate by the reserve bank of india ...

wary about the possibility of oil prices pushing up inflation, the reserve bank of india (rbi) said chances of prices going up ...

in a balancing act, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today ensured that key interest rates are unchanged to maintain stable ...

foreign banks in india and indian banks operating abroad are to meet basel-ii norms by march 31, 2008, while all other scheduled ...

the reserve bank of india today allowed resident individuals to remit up to $50,000 per financial year as against the earlier ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has further liberalised the ceiling for overseas investments by mutual funds by hiking the ...

bond prices rose and yields dropped after rbi lifted its short-term repo rate by 25 basis points while releasing the monetary ...

syndicate bank has reported improved performance in the second quarter (ended september 30) of the current financial year with ...

a decade ago, indian bank had announced over rs 1,600 crore net loss, the highest-ever posted by any state-run bank in india, and ...

mangalore-based karnataka bank has reported 42.57 per cent jump in net profit at rs 59.61 crore for the second quarter ending ...

supported by a substantial increase in interest income from advances, indian overseas bank registered 25.87 per cent increase in ...

ergo insurance group, the second-largest primary insurer in germany, is looking for a joint venture partner for foraying into ...

indian bank has reported 60.24 per cent rise in net profit for second quarter ended september at rs 169.19 crore against rs ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has seen increasing dependence of some private and public sector banks on certificates of deposit ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) on monday reported a 50.97 per cent increase in net profit for the second quarter ended september ...

punjab national bank (pnb) has recorded a 20 per cent growth in net profit at rs 504.99 crore in the second quarter ended ...

the reserve bank of india s(rbi) mid-term review will attempt to keep the interest rates stable in the face of high growth ...

syndicate bank today reported a 17.05% increase in net profit at rs 205.07 crore for the second quarter ended september 2006 as ...

yes bank today reported a 51% rise in net profit at rs 21.50 crore as against rs 14.30 crore in q2fy06.according to an ...

punjab national bank today reported a 19.65% increase in net profit at rs 505 crore for the second quarter ended september 2006 ...

indian overseas bank today reported a 25.87% increase in net profit at rs 249.85 crore for the second quarter ended september ...

oriental bank of commerce today reported a 50.97% increase in net profit at rs 249.51 crore for the second quarter ended ...

the rupee rose to 45.08 10 a dollar this morning, posting its strongest level against the us currency in five and a half ...

icici bank sees stable interest rates in the medium term. as long as the global window is open, growth will happen and ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has a tough choice between an across-the-board tightening or sector-specific curbs, as it meets ...

y v reddy took charge as rbi governor on september 6, 2003, amid the economy moving on to a faster growth trajectory, inflation ...

the reserve bank of india will conduct its mid-term review of the economy where monetary parameters have not changed much but ...

banks are hoping that the reserve bank of india will spell out norms to distinguish lending for commercial housing and self-use ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is considering a proposal for a cut in cash reserve ratio (crr) for the regional rural and ...

state bank of india(sbi) on saturday said it sees a little upward bias on interest rates ahead of the reserve bank s busy ...

state bank of india (sbi) group today reported a 9% increase in consolidated net profit at rs 1,734.45 crore for the second ...

bank of baroda today reported a 11% increase in net profit at rs 288.36 crore for the second quarter ended september 30, 2006 ...

foreign exchange reserves zoomed $1.202 billion to $166.153 billion during the week ended october 20, according data released by ...

over nine lakh employees of nationalised banks, helped by counterparts in the state bank of india (sbi) joining their one-day ...

the development credit bank (dcb) stock was today listed on the bombay stock exchange at rs 35.35, a premium of 36 per cent over ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is expected to announce a slew of measures to bring vibrancy into the debt market as part of its ...

morgan stanley and fidelity picked up over a 10 per cent stake in development credit bank (dcb), which made its debut on the ...

development credit bank was listed at rs 35.35 on the bse as against the ipo price of rs 26. the scrip zoomed to a high of rs 49 ...

bank of india today reported a 60.48% increase in net profit at rs 212.13 crore for the second quarter ended september 2006 as ...

andhra bank posted 10.19 per cent rise in net profit at rs 146.77 crore for the quarter ended september 2006 against rs 132.89 ...

kolkata-based allahabad bank has posted a 24 per cent rise in net profit at rs 210 crore in the quarter ended september 30, 2006, ...

bank of baroda (bob) is open to sharing a majority stake in its asset management company (amc) with an undisclosed foreign ...

the peerless general finance investment company ltd, one of the largest non banking financial companies in the country, has ...

nineteen nationalised banks and some old private sector banks are likely to remain completely shut tomorrow as nearly nine lakh ...

the growth in interest on advances helped corporation bank report 20.27 per cent rise in net profit at rs 127.01 crore for the ...

bank stocks spurted by over 4 per cent on an average in an otherwise choppy market on thursday on strong buying as most banks ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is expected to come out with comprehensive guidelines on the non-banking finance companies ...

andhra bank today reported a 10.19% increase in net profit at rs 146.44 crore for the quarter ended september 2006 as compared to ...

the united forum of bank unions, an umbrella of nine unions, has called a nationwide strike tomorrow to oppose outsourcing, ...

allahabad bank today reported a 25% increase in net profit at rs 210.03 crore for the quarter ended september 30, 2006 when ...

during the quarter ended september 2006, assets under management (aum) of the mutual fund industry increased by 10 percent ...

state bank of india has estimated business of rs 500 crore in the next 3-4 years from the ancillary units of tata motors in ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may estimate a higher average growth of the economy during the five-year plan period 2006-07 to ...

the npas of public sector banks(psb) have increased in the non-priority sector whereas bad debts related to priority sector ...

ahead of its quarterly policy review on october 31, reserve bank of india (rbi) has expressed doubts on the efficacy of ...

icici bank today restructured its brass, elevating senior general manager v vaidyanathan to the rank of executive director ...

icici bank, the country s second-largest bank, today reported a higher than expected 30 per cent rise in net profit in the second ...

fund house franklin templeton investments (india) ltd has launched its capital protection fund scheme, whereby the asset ...

the state bank of bikaner and jaipur has recorded the highest growth of 117.1 per cent in its net profit for the half-year ended ...

canara bank, which has rs 450 crore exposure to self-help groups (shgs) in karnataka, has initiated a move to provide mobility ...

reserve bank of india governor y v reddy strongly favoured the idea of using mobile phones as instruments for bank account ...

icici bank today reshuffled the portfolios of its top brass elevating senior general manager v vaidyanathan to the rank of ...

icici bank today reported a 30.2% increase in net profit at rs 755.01 crore for the second quarter ended september 30, 2006 when ...

standard chartered bank, the largest foreign bank in india, today said it is offering 8 per cent interest on 188-day fixed ...

banking services are likely to be affected to a large extent on october 27, as nearly 9 lakh employees of nationalised banks and ...

kotak mahindra old mutual life insurance announced a growth of 122 per cent in the first-year premium (fyp) income collected in ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh) posted 81.02 per cent rise in net profit at rs 128.76 crore for the quarter ended september 2006 ...

kerala-based federal bank today reported an impressive 28.25 per cent rise in net profit for the quarter ended september 30 at rs ...

life insurance corporation of india limited (lic) will be inaugurating 13 more satellite branches in the current year in the ...

finance grameen bank won its founder the nobel peace prize for bringing about social welfare. but how is micro-finance ...

vijaya bank, hyderabad region, registered 82 per cent growth in net profit at rs 24.35 crore for the half-year ended september ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh), the largest associate entity in the state bank group, has posted 81.02% increase in net profit to ...

standard chartered bank, the largest foreign bank in india, today said it is offering 8% interest on 188-day fixed deposits, ...

french financial services group bnp paribas announced its entry into the booming indian retail stock broking industry by ...

the asian development bank (adb) has warned that india runs a risk of piling up of bad loans (non-performing loans) due to the ...

integrated financial services provider barclays, which has been operating in the country for almost a decade through barclays ...

after being at loggerheads on the development of corporate debt market, the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) and the ...

kolkata-based united bank of india (ubi) is contemplating a drastic reduction in its paid-up equity capital in order to report a ...

pressure on credit quality of indian corporates is on the rise suggesting a decline in creditworthiness, according to a study by ...

total income rose by 18.12 per cent at rs 607.57 crore.

a reserve bank of india (rbi) task force on capital account convertibility is considering a string of procedural relaxations in ...

canara bank has registered an 18 per cent rise in net profit to rs 361.77 crore for the second quarter of current financial year ...

even as small and medium enterprises are fast becoming the buzzwords for the banking and finance sector, the public sector bank ...

kotak mahindra bank today reported 11.62 per cent growth in net profit in the second quarter of 2006-07 after making additional ...

with robust growth in interest income, housing development finance corporation (hdfc) has posted 23 per cent rise in its net ...

american international group (aig) would launch consumer finance business in india in the next few months, rivalling other ...

housing finance development corporation (hdfc) will set up a company hdfc property ventures for managing international property ...

the state bank of india and hero honda have joined hands to help the farmers of uttar pradesh. the country s largest bank and the ...

state bank of saurashtra (sbs) has decided to focus on funding the special economic zone (sez) projects in gujarat only as the ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) today reported a 6% increase in net profit at rs 139.40 crore for the second quarter ...

kotak mahindra bank today reported a 12.64% increase in consolidated net profit at rs 93.90 crore for the second quarter ended ...

following the new guidelines from irda, max new york life insurance is contemplating to come out with a convergence product with ...

terming payment systems as the backbone of a nation s financial infrastructure, nr narayana murthy, mentor of infosys, called for ...

the government has started talking with all political parties, including the left, to remove the 10 per cent cap on voting rights ...

leading global reinsurer swiss reinsurance company will buy a small strategic stake in yes bank, which would be a prelude to ...

the reserve bank of india may go for major rural push in its forthcoming monetary policy review slated to be unveiled on october ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has indicated that it would consider waiving its ban on branch expansion by banks fined in the ...

the board of directors of yes bank, which met today, approved a proposal to issue one crore equity shares at rs 120 per share on ...

vijaya bank today reported 36.3% surge in its q2 net at rs 102.33 crore as against rs 75.05 crore in the q2fy06.according ...

union bank of india (ubi) q2 net zoomed 217.77% to rs 194.16 crore as against rs 133.06 crore in the q2fy06.according to ...

interbank overnight rates are likely to stay firm until december because the distribution of liquidity with banks is expected to ...

yes bank s capital raising committee will meet tomorrow to consider a proposal for private placement of equity shares with an ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority of india (irda) has reviewed the guidelines on file-and-use requirements for ...

punjab national bank, india s one of the leading public sector banks, will soon open 5 new branches in north east after getting ...

kotak life insurance (kli) has now joined the kolhapur-based the ratnakar bank ltd (rbl). kli would now be able to tap the strong ...

french financial services group, bnp paribas, has infused rs 290 crore of capital in its indian operations, taking the total ...

revenues from insurance (bpo) offshoring to india are expected to grow to around $2 billion by 2010 from the present $690 ...

public sector bank idbi and mitcon consultancy services (mitcon) today inked an mou to jointly provide solutions to companies for ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) has recorded 21% growth in business at rs 98,000 crore till september and said it will take a ...

global financial giant bnp paribas group will be infusing rs 290 crore (euro 50 million) as new equity in its indian operations. ...

indian bank, oriental bank of commerce, corporation bank and india infrastructure finance company (iifc) today signed a ...

the board of directors of south indian bank has cleared a proposal to appoint malayalam film actor mammootty as the brand ...

prof muhammad yunus winning the nobel peace prize is set to give a leg up to microfinance activities in india. icici bank, which ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may review its decision to club lending to special economic zones (sezs) with commercial real ...

the anil dhirubhai ambani group (adag) has tied up with citibank to launch its first credit card - reliance credit card. to be ...

a good number of banks in kerala have decided to implement the relief package announced by the state government for farmers and ...

foreign exchange reserves declined $30 million to $165.275 billion during the week ended october 13 as against $165.305 billion ...

the improvement in income from interest and fees pushed jammu kashmir bank s net profit by 52.84 per cent to rs 84.02 crore ...

uti bank on friday reported 30 per cent rise in its net profit in the second quarter ended september 2006, as growth in net ...

the finance ministry has approved the ipo plans of indian bank and central bank and is likely to give its nod to the public issue ...

with futures market gaining acceptance in india and more than 100 commodities being traded in it, the asian development bank has ...

uti bank today reported a 30% increase in net profit at rs 141.98 crore for the second quarter ended september 30, 2006 as ...

jammu kashmir bank today reported a 53% increase in net profit at rs 84.02 crore for the second quarter ended september 30, ...

oriental bank of commerce, indian bank and corporation bank, which recently formed a strategic alliance (oic), will set up a ...

a special award under the banner of national awards for excellence in ssi lending has been conferred upon state bank of ...

saraswat co-operative bank will acquire mumbai-based mandvi co-operative bank, adding over rs 880 crore business to its books by ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) working group is considering the option of allowing urban co-operative banks (ucbs) to issue ...

iffco-tokio general insurance co has launched errors omissions (tech) policy to exclusively cater to the technology ...

the government would table an amendment to the insurance act to raise the ceiling on foreign direct investment (fdi) in the ...

international finance corporation (ifc), the private sector arm of the world bank group, will invest $100 million in the upper ...

saraswat co-operative bank (scbl) will acquire mumbai-based mandvi co-operative bank, enabling it to add over rs 880 crore ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today released a ...

the decision by saudi arabia to open the insurance sector would prove beneficial for the kingdom s economy, r r nair, ceo of the ...

punjab national bank (pnb) is likely to report better net profit in the second quarter ended september 30, 2006 than the first ...

lauding the financial management of chhattisgargh, reserve bank of india (rbi) has decided to open a branch here, official ...

the colour of money going into film financing is changing. banks, corporates and media houses are pouring money into bollywood, ...

keeping in view the new-age thinking of customer friendliness in the indian banking industry, bank of maharashtra (bom) has ...

ubl sales ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of uti bank ltd, entered rajasthan by opening its branch in jaipur. currently, ubl sales ...

to cater for nris from punjab, hong kong and shanghai banking corporation ltd (hsbc) will soon open two more branches in the ...

rural electrification corporation (rec) is planning to raise rs 7,500 crore from the bond market at market rates to finance the ...

ing vysya bank is looking to treble its retail portfolio over two years, after having failed to capitalise on the phenomenal ...

uk s barclays bank is on an investment spree in indian financial services providers. it now has acquired a 4.7 per cent stake in ...

public sector bank of maharashtra (mahabank) has signed an agreement with franklin templeton asset management india pvt ltd for ...

barclays bank today announced it has acquired a 4.70% equity holding in infrastructure development finance company (idfc). the ...

union bank of india plans to mobilise rs 1,400 crore of capital funds through bond issuances over the next five months. this ...

yogesh agarwal assumed charge as managing director group executive (national banking) of state bank of india on october 10, ...

the dow jones industrial average index moved up nine points to 11,867. the nasdaq added four points to 2315.indian adrs ...

barring a couple of agencies, all the micro finance institutes (mfis) operating in andhra pradesh have decided to charge not more ...

waterhealth international, inc (whi), a us-based, health-focused developer and manufacturer of innovative water purification and ...

visakhapatnam-based kanakamahalakshmi co-operative bank limited has increased its interest rates by 0.5 per cent to 1 per cent on ...

uae exchange and financial services (uae exchange), an authroised dealer for remittances and money changing, plans to enhance its ...

the domestic health insurance market is set for a transformation with foreign players setting their sights on it. deutsche ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has started a census of non-banking finance companies (nbfcs), which do not take public deposits ...

pune-based cosmos co-operative bank ltd s board has approved the merger of two banks, one each in hyderabad and gujarat, and is ...

with a network of 50 automated teller machines (atms), cosmos co-operative bank, the second oldest bank in the country, has ...

canbank factors, a subsidiary of canara bank, has posted a 26.03% rise in net profit to rs 7.31 crore for the half-year ended ...

development credit bank (dcb) today fixed a price of rs 26 per share for its initial public offer of 7,15,00,000 equity shares ...

bankmen are on the warpath again as the united forum of bank unions (ufbu) has called for a token strike on october 27 on a host ...

valuers (those who evaluate properties) in chandigarh have asked for valuation charges in accordance with the rates prescribed by ...

the total deposits of the banks in haryana increased from rs 36,087 crore to rs 52,425 crore during the period july 2005 to june ...

dutch financial major rabobank international has infused rs 145 crore equity capital in rabo india finance private (rif) to ...

life and non-life insurance companies have mooted the setting up of a policyholders protection fund on the lines of the funds in ...

hsbc today launched seamless banking in india and the united arab emirates (uae). the oneworld package, rolled out as a joint ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has entered into a memorandum of agreement (moa) with the ...

export-import bank of the united states has cleared national flag carrier air-india s loan proposal for the acquisition of 68 ...

bank of maharashtra (bom) has tied up with leading two-wheeler manufacturer hero honda to market the company s motorbikes to ...

buoyed by the robust performance of its remittances business, icici bank plans to launch a slew of innovative products in this ...

cut-off yield in the auction, us treasury yields and forex inflows will be crucial for the market the spot rupee is expected to ...

public sector behemoth, life insurance corporation, has recaptured a chunk of the market share of new business premium in ...

four original architects of financial sector reforms - prime minister manmohan singh, finance minister p chidambaram, planning ...

the state bank of india (sbi) group floundered on deposit mobilisation in the first quarter ended june 30, 2006, contrary to the ...

finance minister p chidambaram today made a strong pitch for making the association of mutual funds of india (amfi) and the ...

uco bank has targeted rs 500 crore retail sales from its newly formed retail and small enterprises segment in the current fiscal, ...

central bank of india is raising rs 700 crore through issue of bonds that would qualify as tier-ii capital. crisil has assigned ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) will operate the branch network of the erstwhile united western bank (uwb) as a ...

ing group, the amsterdam-based banking and insurance group, has drawn up plans to scale up the operations of its insurance joint ...

private and foreign banks are unnerved by the reserve bank of india s (rbi) directive to issue passbooks or account statements ...

commercial banks are intensifying the fight to get a bigger market share of the plastic money spend. after standard chartered ...

bank of baroda expects to end this fiscal with a total business (deposits plus advances) of rs 2,00,000 crore, according to anil ...

ing group, the amsterdam-headquartered banking and insurance group, has drawn up plans to scale up the operations of its ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) campaign for fair service to customers has turned to non-banking finance companies (nbfcs). ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) has proved that the social security cover aimed at poorer sections of the society ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) to put in place a board-approved fair practices ...

jammu kashmir bank has applied to the reserve bank of india to increase the limit of foreign institutional investors in the ...

allahabad bank has raised rs 561.90 crore through private placement of redeemable subordinated debt instrument or lower tier ii ...

hsbc india has increased interest on its floating rate home loans by 50 basis points. this is the third time the foreign bank has ...

hsbc, a leading global banking and financial services organisation, today entered the business of small personal loans in india, ...

bankers want the reserve bank of india (rbi) to address the prospect of liquidity tightening in the months ahead by reducing the ...

hsbc today announced a 50 bps hike in floating rate home loans to 9.5-9.75%.

standard chartered bank is betting big on india on the back of indian corporates expanding overseas and acquiring assets ...

buoyed by the demand for microfinance from self help groups (shgs) in karnataka, the city-based moksha-yug access, a rural ...

the market value of life insurance corporation of india s investments as on march 31, 2006, was over rs 5,00,000 crore. the ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi bank) has appointed its chief general manager, a v hodavadekar, to head the erstwhile ...

south indian bank (sib) wants to acquire a bank to double its loan assets from rs 7,360 crore. the kerala-based old private ...

banking services were hit in kerala as employees struck work protesting against the proposed merger of lord krishna bank (lkb) ...

despite the poor performance of district co-operative banks (dcbs), which have advanced virtually no farm credit to farmers in ...

state bank of travancore (sbt) has achieved 100 per cent financial inclusion in palakkad district by opening 23,097 new accounts. ...

mumbai-based development credit bank (dcb), which has a dominant presence in western india is all set to initiate financing of ...

punjab national bank(pnb) is likely to achieve a total business of more than rs 2,00,000 crore in the second quarter of the ...

how much fuel does your car consume do you maintain your car well how many times has your driver been fined for jumping signals ...

sahara chairman subrata roy has told the reserve bank of india (rbi) that he has called back the investments made by sahara india ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh), an associate of state bank of india, has issued through private placement sbh bonds of rs 550 ...

qatar is beckoning indian commercial banks, insurance companies and other financial services firms to set up offices in the qatar ...

the merger of united western bank (uwb) with the industrial bank of india (idbi) will become effective from october 3. this also ...

lord krishna bank (lkb) approved its merger with centurion bank of punjab (cbp). in a highly tense annual general meeting (agm), ...

the government has restructured the capital base of chennai-based indian bank so as to enable the bank to come out with a public ...

the merger of united western bank (uwb) with industrial bank of india (idbi) will become effective from october 3. this will also ...

the proposal to amalgamate united western bank (uwb) with idbi bank has found support from uwb officers organisation (uwboo), ...

jammu kashmir bank (j k bank) has applied to the reserve bank of india (rbi) to increase the limit for foreign ...

satyam computer services limited has announced that it has signed a 10-year contract with punjab sind bank (psb) to supply, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has informed the government that it cannot clear proposals received from foreign venture capital ...

fitch ratings today downgraded the outlook on indusind bank to negative from stable on concerns over the bank s inability to ...

reflecting the strong appetite of india inc to raise capital overseas, the country s external debt increased by $6.9 billion at ...

the country s forex reserves increased by $ 940 million to $ 166.482 billion during the week ended september 22 from $ 165.542 ...

icici bank joint managing director kalpana morparia today said she does not see interest rates softening. she expects interest ...

the bombay high court today said it can only look into the decision making process used by the reserve bank of india (rbi) to ...

standard chartered bank is looking to restructure its portfolio of business in india. we are looking at reshuffling our ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has been prompted to consider a detailed study of the composition of credit disbursements by ...

the bombay high court today said it can only look into the decision-making process used by the reserve bank of india (rbi) to ...

lending rates may go up by 25-50 basis points in the medium term, sanjay nayar, ceo (india) of citigroup, said today.he ...

k v kamath, ceo and managing director of icici bank, today said the bank would wait for the government to remove the cloud of ...

uti bank is to set up an asset management company (amc) by the end of the current financial year. the reserve bank of ...

the board of united western bank (uwb) has strongly objected to reserve bank of india s (rbi) proposal of handing over the ...

lakshmi vilas bank limited is targeting a total business of rs 10,000 crore during this fiscal year. the 100-year-old bank, ...

the visakhapatnam co-operative urban bank (vcb) has announced 12 per cent dividend including 6 per cent interest on share capital ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) wants banks to get directly engaged in micro-finance lending activities to bring down the cost of ...

uti bank, the third largest private sector bank, today launched a subsidiary for selling loans, credit cards and other retail ...

yes bank today unveiled a plan to expand its retail reach. the mumbai-based bank will add 60 branches to its existing 21 branches ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) plans to bring all derivative transactions of banks on their balance sheets against the current ...

the board of united western bank (uwb) has strongly objected to the reserve bank of india s (rbi) proposal of handing over the ...

citigroup plans to double its sme credit portfolio in india to $3 billion in the next three years. the plans would be ...

uti bank, which opened its first international branch in singapore early this year, plans to further expand its overseas network ...

yes bank is planning to open 60 branches and 75 offsite atm centres by june 2007, two processing centres at dlf cyber city centre ...

niit has announced its entry into training for the financial services sector with the launch of the institute of finance, banking ...

the sudden crisis created by the rbi s restriction on the united western bank (uwb) and its merger process resulted in the ...

maharashtra commissioner for co-operation anil diggikar has said despite some cases of mismanagement, the performance of the ...

canara bank will raise $300 million hybrid capital, comprising upper tier-ii and perpetual bonds (tier-i capital), in november ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked united western bank (uwb) to seek a legal opinion on the need to convene an annual general ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) would issue final guidelines on implementation of the revised capital adequacy norms by banks in ...

the reserve bank of india working group has asked banks to review charges they levy on funds remitted by non-resident indians ...

state banks of india (sbi) chairman o p bhatt today said interest rates are showing signs of softening after hardening for about ...

naina lal kidwai, ceo-designate of hsbc india, continues to be on the board of nestle sa, switzerland, though the bank had said ...

finally, there are some signs of a slowdown in retail credit growth, but the reserve bank of india (rbi) is not willing to ...

state bank of india (sbi) chairman o p bhatt today said interest rates are showing signs of softening, and liquidity in the ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) will announce guidelines for implementing the basel ii framework in the next few weeks, deputy ...

max new york life (mnyl) has announced that it has increased its capital base by rs 30 crore, taking it to rs 617 crore. with ...

finance minister p chidambaram sunday said the reserve bank of india may not need to raise interest rates further to curb ...

development credit bank promoter, aga khan fund for economic development (akfed), has sold nearly 1 per cent stake in the bank to ...

the state bank of india (sbi) has proposed to open 13 branches and install 192 new atms, including 51 atms at railway stations, ...

an overwhelming majority of indian banks are against the government granting full domestic status to banks from the european ...

federal bank will turn its defunct non-bank finance company into a direct selling agent to market its products, according to the ...

vidarbha region s premier urban co-operative bank, nagpur nagarik sahakari bank ltd (nnsb), has sought reserve bank of india ...

global reinsurers have started expressing apprehensions over the prospects of price cuts in the detariffed insurance regime, set ...

vijaya bank plans to raise rs 900 crore through bonds by december and said it is looking for acquiring a small bank preferably in ...

the banking sector favours the creation of six or seven large entities like the state bank of india to enable it to face ...

the 2 percentage point subsidy on farm loans of up to rs 3 lakh will be extended to all scheduled commercial banks. in other ...

the reserve bank of india is understood to be of the view that foreign institutional investors (fiis) should not be allowed as ...

vijaya bank sees itself falling short of its target with regard to branch expansion. the bank had earlier targeted taking its ...

the rising number of terrorist strikes has not dampened the festive spirit for navratri in mumbai, durga puja in kolkata and ...

bankers have different ideas when it comes to deciding on the charges to be levied for various services, notwithstanding the ...

asset reconstruction companies (arcs) from now on will no longer be able to acquire bad loans from banks without making any ...

after a series of rate hikes, here is a piece of good news for home and car loan seekers. banks have started cutting interest ...

keki m minstry, managing director of housing development finance corporation (hdfc), today said the company is not anticipating a ...

punjab national bank (pnb) today announced a 0.25% cut on floating home and car loan rates for the festival season with effect ...

andhra bank today entered into an mou with consortium of institutions for higher learning(cihl) to extend educational loans to ...

board of directors of industrial development bank of india (idbi bank) on thursday discussed the reserve bank of india s draft ...

reserve bank of india has mooted a depositor protection fund (dpf) for imparting financial education and counselling to the ...

buoyed by rs 578 crore profit earned in madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh in 2005-06, the state bank of india (sbi) plans to add ...

kolkata s united bank of india (ubi) has tied up with tata aig life insurance co. ltd. (taigl) to offer the united shiksha ...

life insurance corporation (lic) today said it will increase its solvency margin by rs 7,000 crore to rs 37,000 crore by ...

visakhapatnam co-operative bank limited (vcb) registered 54 per cent growth in net profits during 2005-06 at rs 3.40 crore, ...

yes bank has signed $30 million one-year foreign currency loan agreement with the us-based wachovia bank to finance exports of ...

employees of lord krishna bank (lkb), who have been agitating against the proposed merger of the bank with the centurion bank of ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) plans to merge the troubled united western bank (uwb) with industrial development bank of india ...

the reserve bank of india today clamped down on banks financing of special economic zones (sezs) by directing them to treat ...

the plan of reserve bank of india (rbi) to merge the troubled united western bank (uwb) with industrial development bank of india ...

the issuance of oil bonds or bonds to oil companies has been delayed as the government is in a dilemma over granting them slr ...

us-based global investment banking major goldman sachs today said it would invest one billion dollar in india for expanding ...

the manager of a local branch of chandrapur district consumer co-operative (dcc) bank was among three arrested in connection with ...

the board of thrissur-based dhanalakshmi bank today approved a reduction in 2005-06 dividend by 2 percentage points to 5 per ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority of india (irda) is considering allowing life insurance companies to enter into ...

you frequent barista, but haven t been there for quite sometime now. don t be surprised if you get a personalised offer to entice ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) governor, y v reddy, today warned that the current level of capital flows from industrialised ...

with a large number of private educational institutions opening up in agra, the syndicate bank has begun targeting them by ...

finance minister p chidambaram today asserted india remains one of the best borrowers of the world bank and suspension of funds ...

y v reddy, governor of reserve bank of india, said emerging market economies were always wary that capital flows could slow down, ...

the state bank of india today launched a liability central processing centre (lcpc) in kolkata, expected to improve customer ...

3i infotech, the fourth-largest domestic software products company, today launched an insurance broking exchange, providing a ...

tamil nadu-based lakshmi vilas bank (lvb) plans to raise rs 98.36 crore through a rights issue of equity shares to take its ...

bank of maharashtra (bom) has forayed into the booming retail banking business.the pune-based bank has created a separate ...

the board of directors of bank of baroda (bob) approved a proposal to initiate steps for entering the life insurance business ...

foreign exchange reserves declined $1.320 billion to $165.138 billion for the week ended september 8, according to the weekly ...

a working group set up by the reserve bank of india (rbi) has recommended cross-subsidising of basic banking services to ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc), indian bank and corporation bank today formed an alliance that would trigger rationalisation of ...

corporation bank, oriental bank of commerce and indian bank today signed a memorandum of understanding to form a strategic ...

shree suvarna co-operative bank (sscb) was today placed under moratorium by the reserve bank following erosion of its ...

the cauvery kalpatharu grameena bank (ckgb), formed after amalgamation of the cauvery grameena bank and the the kalpatharu ...

the government in consultation with the reserve bank of india (rbi) has decided to constitute a committee on financial sector ...

commercial banks have been freed from having to seek the reserve bank of india s (rbi) clearance before deciding on the heads of ...

corporation bank, oriental bank of commerce (obc) and indian bank are set to announce an alliance tomorrow that will virtually ...

global rating agency standard poor s (s p) today said the huge bad loans of united western bank (uwb) may affect idbi s ...

the government is mulling relaxation of certain regulatory norms such as permitting foreign currency hedging or easier purchase ...

an investment banker working with a foreign bank got a call from a head-hunter, offering him the top job in a foreign fund ...

the president of the clearing house, pune, has suspended the clearing of cheques drawn on the loss-making shree suvarna sahakari ...

banking stocks were the biggest gainers on the stock exchanges on wednesday in anticipation of a sharp fall in bond yields ...

union bank of india (ubi), the mumbai-based mid-sized bank, plans to raise about rs 1,500 crore through a mix of tier-i hybrid ...

maharashtra finance minister jayant patil today expressed surprise over the reserve bank of india s (rbi) decision to merge ...

major shareholders of united western bank (uwb) are likely to demand a much higher upfront payment by industrial development bank ...

central bank of india (cbi) faces fall in its income from its treasury operations. the bank plans to focus on core banking and ...

two years ago, idbi bank was merged with idbi. with the acqui-sition of united western bank, idbi will more than double its ...

union bank of india (ubi) has introduced a new deposit scheme- union cash certificate - which will be in effect till october 31. ...

scope international pvt ltd, the shared services arm of standard chartered bank (scb), has set up a global network centre of ...

central bank of india (cbi) faces fall in its income from its treasury operations. central bank plans to focus on core banking ...

the manipal-based syndicate bank is launching a reworked version of its nearly 80-year- old pigmy deposit scheme to expand its ...

the thane janata sahakari bank is close to acquiring three co-operative banks in maharashtra - two in pune and one in nashik - ...

post-issue, bank muscat, india advantage fund to have 5.76% and 4.55% stake.

total premium of the general insurance industry grew 16.48 per cent in 2005-06 to rs 20,421.16 crore from rs 17,530.68 crore a ...

idbi will make an upfront payment in cash of rs 28 in respect of every fully paid-up share of united western bank.the ...

the thane janata sahakari bank is close to acquiring three co-operative banks in maharashtra - two in pune and one in nashik ...

yes bank, in collaboration with intel technology india, today launched a wi-fi banking branch network - the first such network in ...

citibank is keen to lead a consortium of lenders for the ulta mega power projects (umpps), for bridging working capital ...

the board for cricket control in india (bcci), the sole organiser of the tri-series starting in malaysia tomorrow, has bought a ...

the hongkong and shanghai banking corporation (hsbc) in india expects to add a significant number of small and medium enterprise ...

r h patil, chairman of the clearing corporation of india and a member of the committee on full convertibility, defends the ...

private insurance players have doubled their market share in health insurance in two years. their market share has increased from ...

it is good times again for the beleaguered depositors of the erstwhile ganesh bank of kurundawad (gbk), thanks to the bank s ...

in what appears to be a move to pre-empt moratorium and other restrictions from the reserve bank of india (rbi), the city-based ...

ing vysya bank today sold 23,09,999 shares held by it in bharat overseas bank (bhob) at rs 155 per share.according to a ...

in what appears to be a move to pre-empt moratorium and other restrictions from the reserve bank of india, city-based shree ...

india is set to share the centrestage with china at the upcoming imf-world bank meet in singapore. the last time the meet was ...

the south indian bank (sib) has won a special award for excellence in banking technology from the institute of development and ...

the manipal-headquartered public sector syndicate bank added one million new customers over the last two months from july 10 to ...

andhra bank will focus on non-banking products and fee-based income, besides increasing low-cost deposits and reducing its npa to ...

starting a new trend in rural credit, the state bank of india-sponsored andhra pradesh grameena vikas bank (apgvb) is directly ...

barclays plc, britain s third largest bank, is planning a big leap in investments and nearly four-fold jump in employee strength ...

starting a new trend in rural credit, the state bank of india-sponsored andhra pradesh grameena vikas bank (apgvb) is planning to ...

indian banks are expected to mop up around $3 billion through the hybrid route by the end of the current fiscal due to the ...

the ongoing strike by over 1,200 employees of lord krishna bank (lkb) has seriously hit the functioning of the bank s branches in ...

new age banks thrive on target-based performance of their employees, sharply contrasting the tradition practiced in the old ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) seems reluctant to give its go-ahead for setting up white-label (or no name) atms by corporates, ...

maharashtra finance minister jayant patil on friday strongly defended the state government s decision to put in a rs 210 crore ...

indiabulls financial services has proposed to offer one share of the company for every six shares of united western bank (uwb) ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh) is conducting a deposit mobilisation fortnight from september 11 to september 26, at all of its 946 ...

insurance agents working for public sector insurance firm life insurance corporation of india (lic) have launched a nationwide ...

india infrastructure finance co ltd has so far sanctioned rs 1,000 crore for 13 projects in the current financial year, chairman ...

several banks are in talks with ratings agency crisil for putting in place a risk management system for their agricultural loans ...

never in the history of indian banking had there been so many suitors for a troubled bank. what s so unique about united western ...

the national agricultural bank of rural development (nabard) has made a special allocation of rs 750 crore for the north-eastern ...

the maharashtra government is ready to pump in rs 201 crore to rescue the beleaguered united western bank (uwb). its wholly owned ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc), along with one or more of its subsidiary associate companies, is planning to ...

forty-two banks advanced agriculture loans totaling rs 313.12 crore to 81,313 farmers in guntur district in the first quarter ...

the employees of lord krishna bank (lkb) today began an indefinite strike demanding the intervention of the reserve bank of india ...

in just over a year s time, hsbc electronic data processing india (hdpi) has signed a second memorandum of understanding with the ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) has joined hands with the maharashtra government and state industrial investment ...

assets under management (aum) of mutual fund industry have crossed the rs 300,000 crore mark in august to touch rs 3,07,106 ...

temasek holdings, the investment arm of the singapore government, hassubstantially increased its exposure to india. the ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked sicom, in its proposal to take control of united western bank (uwb), to infuse fresh ...

employees of lord krishna bank (lkb) have gone on an indefinite strike from today demanding the intervention of the reserve bank ...

a financial crisis similar to the 1997 asian crisis is unlikely to recur, as banking systems in the region are better placed to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked state cooperative banks (stcbs) and district central cooperative banks (dccbs) to ...

saraswat co-operative bank has decided to throw in its hat in the race for united western bank (uwb). the mumbai-based bank s ...

as the queue of suitors to take over the united western bank (uwb) gets longer, the bjp today demanded that the government should ...

most of the leading industrial units and the kolhapur municipal corporation (kmc) are facing crisis due to the rbi s abrupt order ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic), nashik division, has registered 77.56 per cent growth in the premium from new ...

uti mutual fund has reclaimed its number one rank among mutual funds in india in terms of the total assets under management ...

the karnataka vikas grameena bank has helped link 280 self-help groups (shgs) in haveri district through its 22 branches in the ...

the ernakulam division of lic of india has become the only division in kerala and tamil nadu to cross one lakh policies as on ...

the visakhapatnam division of life insurance corporation of india (lic) has surpassed its 12-month business target within five ...

the south central zone (andhra pradesh and karnataka) of life insurance corporation of india (lic) has announced that it has ...

andhra bank, bank of india, state bank of india, hdfc and punjab national bank have won the best bank awards under five different ...

arguing for enhanced use of rural-oriented technology, reserve bank of india governor y v reddy said banks would be able to ...

the life insurance corporation of india has decided to concentrate on the interiors of punjab to market its golden jubilee ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked kerala-based dhanalakshmi bank to revise the dividend recommended by the bank board for ...

the government securities market has clocked a volume of around rs 12,000 crore today with yields across maturities falling by ...

union finance minister p chidambaram during the centenary celebrations of indian bank in chennai today urged the bank to break ...

the eagerly anticipated merger of the centurion bank of punjab (cbc) and kochi-based lord krishna bank (lkb) has finally taken ...

the united western bank (uwb) saga took a curious turn today, with the maharashtra government deciding that the state industrial ...

the investors grievances forum (igf) today said the reserve bank of india should ensure total protection to all depositors of ...

the merger of centurion bank of punjab (cbc) and kochi-based lord krishna bank (lkb) has finally taken off, paving the way for ...

reserve bank of india has asked kerala-based dhanalakshmi bank to revise the dividend recommended by the bank board for fy06 as ...

the board of icici bank today approved to submit its expression of interest to reserve bank for amalgamation of united western ...

andhra bank too has joined the race for acquiring united western bank.according to a release issued by the bank to the ...

canara bank has joined the race to acquire united western bank. it may be noted that icici bank and federal bank were the first ...

finally, maharashtra-based ganesh bank of kurundwad has become part of federal bank. after the supreme court upheld the scheme of ...

boards of centurion bank of punjab (cbop) and lord krishna bank (lkb) will meet on monday in new delhi to work out the swap ratio ...

indian companies long wait to promote banks may come to an end if the reserve bank of india softens its stand and accepts the ...

the kerala-based south indian bank (sib) today said it wants to acquire a bank to help double its advances portfolio from the ...

icici bank is leading the race for taking over united western bank, which was put under moratorium by the reserve bank of india ...

the boards of centurion bank of punjab (cbop) and lord krishna bank (lkb) will meet on monday in new delhi to work out the swap ...

export and import bank of india (exim bank) is likely to raise over rs 7,000 crore from both overseas and domestic markets in the ...

the tarapore committee on rupee float has asked the reserve bank of india (rbi) to use cash reserve ratio (crr) and statutory ...

reserve bank of india governor y v reddy today said the apex bank will take a view on the set of measures recommended for this ...

the netherlands-based gilde investment and private sector banking major and yes bank, will be jointly setting up a euro 75 ...

the central government today issued an order of moratorium to the united western bank. the order of moratorium was been passed in ...

yes bank and the college of agribusiness management, pant nagar (uttaranchal), have entered into a strategic alliance for ...

united bank of india, in an effort to restructure its capital base, plans to go for an initial public offering (ipo) of an ...

the subcommittee on rural health insurance set up under the aegis of the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is ...

indian corporates are aggressively expanding their operations abroad in tune with their growing ambitions and zest to grab ...

buoyed by a rise of 182.26 per cent in premium income, life insurance corporation of india s market share expanded by 3.5 ...

the report of the committee on fuller capital account convertibility (fcac) has recommended bringing foreign (non-resident) ...

the recommendation to phase out inflow of funds into domestic stock markets through the participatory note (pns) route and to ban ...

two of the committee members, av rajwade and surjit s bhalla (both business standard columnists), have expressed reservations ...

want to remit money for shares or property purchased overseas need to urgently open a letter of credit for imports while still ...

the panel set by by the reserve bank of india on a capital account convertibility roadmap has said the country should move ...

the rbi a task force on capital account convertibility for reviewing rules on current capital accounts has made a ...

canara bank will raise $300 million (rs 1,380 cr) in first tranche through hybrid capital and bonds from overseas market to ...

the united bank of india, in an effort to restructure its capital base, plans to go in for an initial public offering (ipo) ...

kolkata-based uco bank expects 40 per cent of its staff to be rendered surplus once all its branches are automated and networked ...

as part of its golden jubilee celebrations, the life insurance corporation of india (lic), mysore division, on thursday announced ...

all commercial banks will have to adopt basel-ii norms from march next year, the reserve bank has said in its annual report for ...

governance parliament s approval of an amendment bill last week paves the way for more board-level positions in public ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it would gradually open up the capital account, nearly a month after a committee ...

high global short-term interest rates coupled with the rising foreign exchange reserves helped rbi sharply increase its income ...

the implications of special economic zones (sezs) on revenues of the government has now become a worrying factor for the reserve ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is seeking to have a greater say in the appointment of directors and ceos of government-owned ...

sbi life insurance has set an ambitious target of earning over rs 1,000 crore of premium income for the financial year 2006-07 ...

interest spreads of banks are likely to recover in fy07 as a bigger part of the rise in cost of funds is seen being passed on to ...

abn amro bank has helped structure a unique loan deal which enables jsw steel receive an advance payment against a long-term ...

kolkata-based uco bank has put around 40 loss-making branches in metro and urban areas on notice for closure or merger with other ...

former sbi mutual fund executives, ajay bodke and rajat jain, may come under pressure to quit from their respective positions at ...

interest spreads of banks are likely to recover in fy07, according to research by ratings agency crisil.according to the ...

the state bank of india staff association (sbisa) today deferred the proposed strike on september 1 in delhi circle following ...

icici bank and mitsubishi ufj securities co have signed a memorandum of understanding (mou), which will pave the way for ...

the finance ministry has found support from the central bank in its opposition to any populist move for dilution of the ...

if any more proof is needed of how hot the private equity (pe) scene is in india, here it is. il fs investment managers ...

jammu kashmir bank is drawing up a strategy to position it as a super-specialist in the emerging high-potential ...

the new india assurance co has posted a 78.10 per cent rise in the net profit at rs 716.38 crore for the year 2005-06, from rs ...

the domestic venture fund industry feels it has been delivered a severe blow by the reserve bank of india s (rbi) guidelines on ...

dealing a final blow to the financial autonomy of regulatory bodies, the government has asked the organisations to park their ...

sbi capital markets (sbicap), the investment banking subsidiary of state bank of india (sbi), today announced its foray in the ...

reserve bank of india (rbi), which would have to transfer to 59.7% stake helb by it in state bank of india (sbi) to the ...

a reserve bank of india (rbi) working group set up to formulate reasonable bank charges is likely to submit its report in the ...

jammu and kashmir bank is aiming at becoming a top commodities financing institution in the next few years to tap the huge ...

the board of directors of bank of india, which met on august 26, 2006, cleared a proposal for the bank s entry into the life ...

bajaj allianz life insurance has opened three new branches at nashik road, pimpalgaon baswant and satana. the company is planning ...

the 26 foreign banks operating in the country have outperformed domestic banks both in public and private sectors by posting ...

employees of the private lord krishna bank would intensify their agitation against the proposal to merge the bank with centurion ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $273 million to $165.37 billion for the week ended august 18, according to the weekly ...

overseas borrowings by indian companies -- which have been on a spree to expand capacities and clinch companies abroad -- ...

the two-week-old rally in government bonds has started to lure state-owned banks, giving credence to view that market will remain ...

kolkata-based non-banking financial company (nbfc) shrachi infrastructure finance (sifl) is set to be merged with retail finance ...

securing educational loans will not be a herculean task any more. to make the loan-lending process hassle-free, the union finance ...

close on the heels of the cabinet s approval for the sbi (amendment) bill, the finance ministry is giving finishing touches to a ...

national housing bank expects to borrow rs 8,600 crore from the market by june 2007. chairman and md s sridhar said, the ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh) might issue bonus share to sbi, its parent, before hitting the market with its maiden public ...

tata steel launched its syndicated term loan of $750 million at a roadshow in taipei today. company officials said the fund ...

finance minister p chidambaram today said foreign banks practising hidden policy of denying credit cards and loans to police ...

among public sector banks (psbs), bank of baroda (bob) is planning to offer a longish stint (9-10 years) to its officials in its ...

the country s fourth largest bank, punjab national bank (pnb), has drawn up plans to invest up to rs 500 crore overseas as it ...

come january 2007, insurance premiums for commercial vehicles may see a sharp rise, while private vehicle owners may need to pay ...

the union cabinet today cleared the decks for a follow-on public issue of equity shares by state bank of india, the country s ...

icici prudential life insurance, the largest private sector life insurer, is likely to see a delay in reporting net profit ...

over 50,000 dairy farmers of the state co-operative milk federation in bihar are set to join uti mutual fund s retirement benefit ...

the reserve bank of india today capped investments by banks in venture capital funds (vcfs) at 10 per cent of their respective ...

the peerless general finance investment company ltd (pgfil), one of the largest non banking finance companies in india, has ...

andhra bank chairman a ramakrishnan has said that the bank had no plans to outsource work in spite of the reserve bank of india s ...

syndicate bank has revised its benchmark prime lending rate (plr) from 11.25 per cent to 11.50 per cent with effect from ...

public sector general insurer, oriental insurance company limited, has resorted to premium loading apart from reduced brokerage ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has spiked banks attempts to reduce interest cost on hybrid tier i and tier ii bonds through ...

kolhapur-based shree mahaveer co-operative bank (smcb) is waiting for its merger into the mumbai-based shamrao vitthal ...

state bank of india (sbi) chairman o p bhatt today said credit growth in 2006-07 would be moderate compared to the sharp rise ...

the lok sabha today passed an amendment that empowers the government to supersede boards of public sector banks, except state ...

global rating agency fitch today said the credit profile of the indian banking sector has improved in the recent years, but a ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has sought information on the end use of funds from 14 companies, including four real estate ...

us-based principal financial group plans to transform the way life insurance products are structured in india when its joint ...

bharti axa life insurance company, a joint venture between bharti enterprises and global insurance major axa, today formally ...

this is one bit of information that the banking regulator would love to hear. credit disbursements at the country s two biggest ...

bharti axa life insurance company - a joint venture between bharti enterprises and global insurance major axa - will be setting ...

federal bank has launched a special onam loan scheme, my home - my car, under which housing and vehicle loans will be sanctioned ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today fined idbi bank for the second time for violation of guidelines in the ipo allotment scam ...

union bank of india expects to recover rs 350 crore of bad debts by september end. as on july 31, the bank s total bad debt was ...

banks response to banking codes and standards board of india (bcsbi) has been slow with just four signing up so far. the bcsbi ...

debt market brokers, who have been out of the government securities business since the launch of negotiated dealing systems by ...

state bank of india staff association (sbisa) today commenced a 9-day dharna, which will culminate into a 1-day ...

a consumer court has ruled that insurance companies are not allowed to re-assess the market value of an insured vehicle once a ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) has decided to appoint a real estate consultant to evaluate its properties in south ...

the national securities depository ltd (nsdl) has suggested the abolition of the quota for retail investors in initial public ...

vijaya bank is planning to raise rs 500-600 crore upper tier-ii capital in the current financial year. chairman and managing ...

the rana talwar-controlled centurion bank of punjab (cbop) has bared its acquisitive intent to become a retail bank with presence ...

united western bank, bank of rajasthan, dhanalakshmi bank and tamilnad mercantile bank are among the banks seen as next in line ...

the boards of centurion bank of punjab (cbop) and lord krishna bank (lkb) today agreed to go ahead with the exercise of merging ...

vijaya bank is planning to open offices overseas for the first time. we are planning to open representative offices in ...

foreign exchange reserves declined $701 million to $165.094 billion for the week ended august 11, 2006 when compared with the ...

icici bank has become the first indian bank to tap the overseas market with a perpetual bond having priced it at the lower end of ...

state bank of india (sbi) today raised interest rates on deposits by 25-50 basis points across various maturities with effect ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has banned premature term deposit withdrawals from shikshak sahakari bank which witnessed ...

thrissur-based catholic syrian bank (csb) has received the go ahead from the company law board (clb), chennai, for its capital ...

indusind bank is in advanced talks with a foreign bank for a strategic equity partnership. the bank is in negotiations to sell up ...

indusind bank is scouting for a strategic tie-up with a foreign bank, and is planning to offload up to 5% stake in the bank to ...

state bank of india (sbi) today announced hike in deposit rates across maturities by 25-50 basis points (0.25-0.50%) w.e.f ...

icici bank today said it has raised $ 340 million from tier-i hybrid bonds in overseas markets.the 10-year perpetual ...

reserve of india (rbi) has stopped premature term deposit withdrawals from shikshak sahakari bank, the second biggest ...

the monetary authority of singapore (mas) is now willing to open the doors for two indian banks state bank of india and icici ...

within five months of its launch, sanjivni, a rural health insurance scheme of the punjab government for people working in ...

state bank of india, the country s largest lender, plans to raise $200 million through upper tier-ii bonds in the overseas ...

the uco bank board met today and vested the decision on revision in prime lending rate (plr) with the asset liability committee ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has constituted an expert committee to review the regulations governing ...

reliance life insurance company has set a target of breaking even in three-and-a-half years. we plans to break even by 2009-10 ...

banks have sought the reserve bank of india s (rbi) intervention for ensuring forbearance in adhering to the new accounting ...

the board of directors of uco bank met today and vested the decision on revision in prime lending rate (plr) with the asset ...

the expert committee set up by insurance regulator insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) for reviewing licensing ...

as part of its expansion drive in the high-potential indian financial services market, barclays bank is planning to pick up 10% ...

citigroup venture capital international (cvc), the private equity arm of citigroup, has invested $15 million (rs 69.78 crore) in ...

the state bank of travancore (sbt) has unveiled a new deposit scheme, sbt tax saver term deposit scheme , with effect from ...

infrastructure leasing financial services (il fs) is bidding for acquiring a stressed philippine company, maynilad ...

media house, bennett, coleman company will be the third promoter partner in a life insurance company ranbaxy promoter group ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi bank) today announced a deposit scheme offering 8.25 per cent, the highest annual ...

banks routinely debit accounts of customers based on electronic clearing service (ecs) file received from the clearing house ...

national housing bank, the housing finance regulator, plans to tie up with banks and non government organisations for its new ...

hsbc india ceo naina lal kidwai will step down from the board of nestle sa before the company s next board meeting in september. ...

bennett, coleman company will be the third promoter partner in a life insurance company being launched by ranbaxy group ...

idbi will launch a new fixed deposit scheme called idbi suvidha plus (ispfd) under its brand idbi suvidha fixed deposit ...

the washington-based consultative group to assist the poor (cgap), a consortium of 33 development agencies that support ...

global rating agency fitch today upgraded the long term foreign currency issuer default rating (idr) of icici bank from ...

naina lal kidwai, the ceo of hongkong and shanghai banking corp (hsbc) in india, is likely to step down from the global board of ...

a 34.69 per cent decline in the net profit of state bank of india, country s largest commercial bank which accounts for one-fifth ...

union bank of india, became the latest amongst a slew of public sector banks that have hiked their prime lending rates (plrs) in ...

standard poor s ratings services today assigned its bb- rating to the hybrid tier-1 securities to be issued by india s ...

naina lal kidwai, appointed ceo of hsbc india in may, is likely to step down as a director from the board of nestle sa, following ...

bank of maharashtra is likely to raise rs 650 crore through bonds or hybrid instruments in the remaining part of this fiscal to ...

export-import bank of india (exim bank) is working on a special model to finance small and medium enterprises (sme) in the ...

tvs finance and services and the department of posts, tamil nadu, have entered into a marketing agreement to launch a scheme ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) and the four public sector general insurance companies new india assurance, united ...

the kerala-based south indian bank (sib) has taken management charge of uae s leading money exchange house, hadi express ...

allahabad bank has raised its interest rate on longer term deposits with effect from august 16, 2006. the maximum rate for term ...

union bank of india has raised interest rates on all loans, including home loans, by 25 basis points to protect their margins as ...

the finance ministry wants public sector banks in which the government holds the majority stake to make changes in their exposure ...

with a view to reduce cost of funds and improve spread, lic housing finance is planning to come out with a public deposit scheme ...

standing by its earlier view that banks like icici bank cannot employ musclemen to recover loans, the delhi high court has ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $1.772 billion to $165.795 billion for the week ended august 4, according to data released by ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) has decided to make public the names of professional directors , especially ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) today suspended the depository participant (dp) business of indusind bank and ...

development credit bank (dcb), a mumbai-based private sector bank, was not in compliance with the priority sector advances norms ...

mumbai-based shamrao vithal co-operative bank (svcb) has received permission from the reserve bank of india (rbi) to acquire two ...

new business premium income of life insurance companies in the first quarter of 2006-07 is more than three times a year earlier, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is unlikely to give its nod to the expansion plans of singapore s dbs bank in india for the time ...

after the recent merger of nashik-based saptashringi co-op bank with itself, the mumbai-based shamrao vithal co-operative bank ...

the board of directors of punjab national bank will meet in bhopal tomorrow.the main issue is to discuss the finance ...

bank of maharashtra has announced its wish to launch its visa credit card in the next three months. the bank is aiming to achieve ...

the ap mahesh co-operative urban bank ltd has come out with a special educational loan scheme under which up to rs 15 lakh would ...

the state level bankers committee (slbc) of andhra pradesh has decided to supplement the relief and rehabilitation measures ...

shriram life insurance company, a joint venture between chennai-based shriram group and south african insurance major sanlam, has ...

bank of baroda is planning to roll out a retail delivery model for large corporates, mid-corporates and sme segments in gujarat. ...

announcement by the depositors insurance credit gurantee corporation (digc) to allocate rs 17 crore towards repayment of deposits ...

bank of maharashtra has increased interest rates on deposits with a tenure of 181 days to 2 years by 25 basis points. the rate ...

merrill lynch today named rahul malhotra as managing director and head of global private client (gpc) group - india. mahlotra has ...

general insurers are saying no to group health insurance covers to employees of companies, which do not avail of property ...

the rbi, in a statement, said the instructions include providing continued access to customers to their bank accounts and ...

hundreds of crores of currency notes stashed in currency chests maintained by banks in surat, the country s diamond and textiles ...

the 25-member management committee of the indian banks association (iba) will take up for discussion the finance ministry s ...

the floods in gujarat are set to hit the general insurance industry hard as most of the big projects, coming under mega policies ...

the borrowing costs of banks are on a steep climb. india s second-largest bank icici bank is offering 10.10 per cent on rs 225 ...

corporation bank launched a new tax saving term deposit scheme corp tax saver here on tuesday. the scheme provides dual ...

the government is toying with the idea of incorporating provisions in the banking regulation act to empower the reserve bank of ...

state bank of india (sbi) and sbi holdings, part of japan s financial services provider sbi group, are setting up a $100 million ...

zurich financial services, one of the leading financial services organisations in europe, has decided to implement the universal ...

the united bank of india (ubi) is planning to pursue a proactive approach to ramp up the level of credit disbursement to the ...

domestic banks focus on short-term borrowings to fund long-term loans has led to an increased interest rate risk on their ...

investors in government securities from now on will receive interest for the period from the maturity date till the investments ...

icici bank is set to become the first indian entity to raise perpetual debt overseas. the country s second largest bank plans to ...

tata-aig life insurance today announced its foray into micro-insurance with the launch of three products. it also opened five ...

amid the hullabaloo over public sector banks (psbs) raising their prime lending rates (plrs), there was a sixth bank which raised ...

the state bank of india (sbi) has embarked on a unique project of educating and financially empowering the lot of farmers in two ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on saturday imposed a moratorium on samata sahakari bank, restricting depositor withdrawals at rs ...

private insurer tata-aig today announced the launch of new products to tap the rural markets.the insurer entered the ...

close on the heels of the finance ministry advising some public sector banks to keep in abeyance the hike in their prime lending ...

punjab national bank (pnb), which has been registering a steady growth in kerala, plans to open seven more atms in the state this ...

many foreign banks are doing a fine balancing act between maintaining statutory liquidity ratio (slr) and ensuring enough ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has directed promoters of the kochi-based lord krishna bank (lkb) to bring down their stake to 10 ...

standard poor s (s p) on monday said the underwriting performance of india s non-life insurance industry will continue ...

export credit guarantee corporation of india (ecgc) plans to foray into full fledged factoring business by the current financial ...

with the demand for microfinance (mf) in the country expected to touch rs 50,000 crore, experts have recommended financial ...

the board of bank of baroda today ratified the 50 basis points or 0.5% hike in its prime lending rate (plr) announced last ...

the oriental bank of commerce (obc) has rolled back an increase in interest rates on home loans below rs 20 lakh.the bank ...

the government will write off accumulated losses of rs 4,109 crore of state-owned indian bank and united bank of india. the ...

in a surprise move, the reserve bank of india (rbi) on saturday imposed a moratorium on samata sahakari bank, restricting ...

with the demand for microfinance (mf) in the country expected to touch rs 50,000 crore, experts have recommended that financial ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $675 million to $164.023 billion for the week ended july 28, according to the weekly ...

uti bank has raised $ 150 million via 15-year subordinated upper tier ii bonds from the international market on friday. ...

the visakhapatnam zone of andhra bank, which covers visakhapatnam, vizianagaram and srikakulam districts, is aiming to mobilise ...

the andhra pradesh state financial corporation (apsfc) has entered into a memorandum of understanding (mou) with the central bank ...

representatives from the ministry of finance, the reserve bank of india and public sector banks will meet on august 10 on the ...

central bank of india (cbi) proposes to raise rs 700 crore tier-ii capital by december this year. the bank had raised tier-ii ...

general insurance corporation of india (gic), the only reinsurer in the country, on friday said its net profit increased nearly ...

smaller banks have raised concerns at big banks taking control of the new retail payments and settlement company national ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has raised concerns over companies keeping unhedged their foreign currency exposures accrued from ...

immediately after reserve bank of india governor yv reddy hiked the short-term policy rate on july 26, finance minister p ...

concerned over banks decision to raise interest rates, the government has asked public sector banks to take prior approval from ...

shortly after allahabad bank got a new chairman managing director avinash chandra mahajan this month, its agra operations ...

icici prudential life insurance company has reported 152 per cent rise in premium income in the first quarter of 2006-07 to rs ...

the third biggest private sector bank, uti bank, today entered the credit card race, where icici bank has gone way ahead of ...

banks are witnessing a sharp drop in applications for retail loans following the steep rise in interest rates over the last few ...

in june, within hours of an interest rate hike by the european central bank (ecb) and the central banks of thailand and korea, ...

the third biggest private sector bank, uti bank, today entered the credit cards race, where icici bank has gone way ahead of ...

mauritius-based helion venture partners today announced its foray into india with the launch of 140 million (about rs 630 crore) ...

global rating agency fitch today upgraded the ratings on state bank of india (sbi) and export import bank of india (exim bank), ...

investors seem to have reposed their faith in mutual funds as their assets under management (aum) rose by around rs 22,966 crore ...

the kotak group is planning to raise rs 2,000 crore for a realty venture fund. according to uday kotak, executive vice-chairman ...

state bank of india (sbi) has embarked upon a unique project to educate and empower farmers in two talukas of wardha district in ...

bank of baroda (bob) has lined up massive overseas expansion plans in a bid to increase the share of its overseas business to ...

the government is considering a combination of wider investor base and change in tenure of bonds available for investments to ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) has increased the rate of interest on home loans by 50-100 basis points (0.5-1%).the new ...

brics pcg recommends buy on bank of baroda at rs 220 with a target price of rs 270.the bank has posted better results ...

brics pcg recommends to buy on bank of india (boi) at rs 111 with a target price of rs 170.the bank has posted one of ...

wells fargo, a leading financial services company of the us, is setting up an information technology and business process ...

bts investment advisors, a private equity firm operating out of switzerland and india, has floated a $80 million india fund to ...

private sector banks may have to follow a mandated branch expansion policy in the north-eastern states.this is one of the ...

icici bank has teamed up with telecom services provider bharti airtel, fuel retailer hindustan petroleum corporation ltd (hpcl) ...

fitch ratings has upgraded india s long-term foreign and local currency rating to investment grade, taking note of fiscal ...

the uttar pradesh and uttaranchal zone of the union bank of india has performed remarkably in the latest deposit scheme named ...

the deposit growth of 16 per cent in 2006-07 will be sufficient for commercial banks to comfortably sustain a credit growth of 25 ...

fitch ratings has upgraded the india s long-term foreign and local currency rating to investment grade taking note of fiscal ...

state bank of india (sbi) has announced a hike in plr by 25bps to 11% effective wednesday, august 2.sbi s floating ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has said the tenure of the rs 3,000 crore government bonds has been reduced to 10 years from the ...

icici bank is not planning to hike lending rates now. icici does not have plans to raise rates as of now, chanda ...

hdfc has hiked its prime leding rate (plr) by 50 basis points (bps) with effect from today.hdfc has hiked both fixed ...

punjab national bank (pnb) today announced 0.5% hike in home loan rates and 0.25% increase in other lending ...

robust growth in income from advances helped uco bank to post a 36 per cent rise in net profit at rs 61.50 crore for the first ...

the country s fourth largest bank punjab national bank s (pnb) net profit in the first quarter of 2005-06 increased by just 2.61 ...

idbi bank has forayed into carbon credit trading advisory services, probably the first indian bank to tap into the big business ...

development credit bank (dcb), promoted by the switzerland-based aga khan fund for economic development (akfed), today reported ...

mediclaim policy-holders will not only have to pay a higher premium but also bear a part of the claims if the insurance ...

punjab national bank today reported a maringal rise in q1 net profit for the quarter ended june 2006 at rs 367.52 crore when ...

uti bank will raise foreign currency-denominated hybrid capital of over rs 900 crore in the second quarter (july-september 2006) ...

allahabad bank has reported 21.31 per cent fall in net profit for the first quarter of 2006-07 at rs128 crore, as against rs ...

indusind bank reported 80.15 per cent fall in net profit in the first quarter of 2006-07 on sharp declines in income from ...

an increasing number of bank customers have started using the atms not only to replenish their wallets but also to recharge their ...

corporation bank of india today reported 16.8% rise in net profit at rs 144.24 crore for the first quarter ended june 30, 2006 ...

indusind bank today reported a 80% decline in net profit at rs 8.01 crore for the first quarter ended june 30, 2006 when compared ...

oriental bank of commerce s net profit for the first quarter ended june 30, 2006 rose 116 per cent to rs 94.02 crore from rs ...

andhra bank posted net profit of rs 116.41 crore for the quarter ended june 30 2006, up 36.7 per cent compared with rs 85.16 ...

the jammu and kashmir bank today reported a 29 per cent jump in net profit in the quarter ended june 30, 2006, as it managed to ...

bank of baroda (bob) has posted a marginal 4.07 per cent rise in net profit at rs 163.32 crore for the quarter ended june 30, ...

the left staged a walk out over a calling attention motion on the situation arising out of the rbi decision to allow outsourcing ...

banking operations remained largely unaffected as the one-day strike today by three unions affiliated to left parties hit working ...

public sector banks (psbs) lagged their private sector counterparts in the first quarter of 2006-07 with their combined net ...

the second tarapore committee on capital account convertibility is unlikely to aggressively push for the full float of the rupee ...

bank of baroda (bob) has posted a 4% rise in net profit for the quarter ended june 30, 2006 at rs 163.32 crore when compared with ...

banking services were affected today as employees of most of the public sector banks boycotted work to protest against ...

lower treasury income and higher staff cost have pulled down the april-june quarter net profit of country s largest commercial ...

more than 175 customers dealing with 30 branches of lucknow participated in the function titled pnb monsoon hungama today. ...

the one-day all-india strike called on july 28 is not likely to severely affect the working of most banks, since as many as six ...

the 83rd annual general meeting of tamilnad mercantile bank (tmb) today turned out to be a non-event as the contentious ...

indian overseas bank (iob) has posted 21.21 per cent rise in net profit at rs 222.03 crore for the first quarter ended june 30, ...

the manipal-based syndicate bank has registered 11 per cent rise in net profit at rs 181 crore for the quarter-ended june 30, ...

syndicate bank has posted an 11% rise in net profit for the quarter ended june 30, 2006 (q1fy07) at rs 180.58 crore when compared ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) has raised the ceiling of investments that can be made by registered domestic mutual funds in ...

state bank of india (sbi) and its associates, bank of baroda (bob) and indian overseas bank (iob) will not participate in ...

indian overseas bank today reported a 21% increase in net profit at rs 222.04 crore for the first quarter ended june 30, 2006 ...

state bank of mysore (sbm) has registered 8.96 per cent increase in net profit at rs 50.90 crore at the end of the first quarter ...

state bank of travancore (sbt) has recorded net profit of rs 53.86 crore during the three-month period ended june 2006, up 13.12 ...

canara bank is exploring every option for increasing its overseas presence, primarily in south east asia. m b n rao, chairman and ...

the life insurance corporation of india s (lic) new premium income in the first quarter of 2006-07 increased more than 245 per ...

bank of india (boi) has posted a 21.5 per cent rise in its net profit at rs 208.73 crore for the first quarter ended june 2006 as ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has said banks have over rs 1,57,000 crore headroom in the form of excess statutory liquidity ...

members of the industrial development bank of india employees association (idbiea) will observe one-day country-wide strike on ...

hsbc has announced the launch of a spirit of mumbai initiative following the bomb blasts in mumbai on july 11, 2006, under ...

deutsche bank has launched a full suite of credit cards in india. according to an official release issued today, the ...

crisil has downgraded the ratings of fenner india s fixed deposit (fd) programme to faa minus stable from faa and commercial ...

rajendra kakker has joined reliance asset reconstruction company, a part of the reliance capital group, as president. ...

bank of india (boi) today reported a 21.53% increase in net profit at rs 208.73 crore for the first quarter ended june 30, 2006 ...

the monetary tightening is a pre-emptive measure aimed at checking excessive growth in credit and rising prices. the economy is ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) governor y v reddy, for a change, decided not to surprise the markets and went with the general ...

bank stocks bounced back after the reserve bank of india (rbi) hiked its short term policy rate by 25 basis points. most of the ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) decision to hike its short-term signalling rate led to a knee-jerk reaction in the government ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today cautioned that the possibility of downside risks for the economy materialising in the ...

bank lending to the commercial sector in the first quarter of 2006-07 is the highest in the last five years. the quarter has also ...

india inc is not happy with the rate hike as it will impact corporate expansion plans. a cross section of the senior ...

home loan rates may go up by about 25-50 basis points following the rise in the reverse repos rate of 25 basis points announced ...

gulbarga district in karnataka (with state bank of india as the lead bank) has been selected for 100 per cent financial inclusion ...

responding to the promise demonstrated by industries in india s smaller cities, international finance corporation (ifc)- the ...

auto components and sub-assembly manufacturer rsb group announced on wednesday that it received investments worth $7.7 million ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today hiked reverse repo and repo rates by 25 basis points to 6% and 7%, respectively.the ...

immediately after reserve bank of india (rbi) hiked key short term interest rates by 0.25%today, lic housing finance announced ...

commenting on the 25 basis points hike in repo and reverse repo rates by the reserve bank in the credit policy review today, rana ...

commenting on the 25 basis points hike in repo and reverse repo rates by the reserve bank in the credit policy review today, ...

yes bank today reported a 50% increase in net profit at rs 16.88 crore for the quarter ended june 30, 2006 when compared with rs ...

bond yields rose on tuesday after the central bank raised its key short-term interest rates by 25 basis points.the ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it would accord highest priority to contain inflation within 5-5.5% while keeping its ...

reserve bank governor y v reddy today said the central bank will continue to ensure that appropriate liquidity was maintained in ...

reserve bank governor y v reddy cautioned against emerging risks such as the incomplete catch up of domestic petroleum and oil ...

dr. y. venugopal reddy, governor of reserve bank of india (rbi) today presented the first quarter review of annual statement on ...

the reserve bank of india today left the cash reserve ratio (crr) and bank rate unchanged at 5% and 6%, respectively in the ...

an overwhelming majority of bankers and fund managers expect the reserve bank of india to hike the short-term reverse repo rate ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor y v reddy will announce its quarterly monetary credit policy review at 1200 hrs ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) latest industry outlook survey, released today as a part of the central bank s first-quarter ...

the ind bank housing ltd (ibhl), a subsidiary of indian bank, is in the process of auctioning 13 flats measuring 18,000 sq ft, ...

after signing an mou with sidbi, the union bank of india is all set to lend rs 800 crore to small scale industries (ssis) and ...

with 166 branches in gujarat, union bank of india s business has posted a growth of rs 400 crore (7.14%) in the first quarter of ...

deutsche bank has reported 63.29 per cent increase in net profit in 2005-06 from its indian operations to rs 125.9 crore from rs ...

infrastructure development finance company (idfc) reported 11.95 per cent increase in net profit in the first quarter of 2006-07 ...

dena bank has reported a net profit of rs 18.49 crore in the first quarter ended june 30, 2006, as against a loss of rs 189.30 ...

united bank of india has recorded a 10.79 per cent increase in net profit at rs 70.35 crore for the quarter ended june 2006.

united bank of india will submit its proposal for capital restructuring to the union government and the reserve bank of india ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) attempts at cooling the credit market are refusing to bear fruit. the growth in bank credit to ...

deutsche bank has reported a 63.29% increase in its indian operations fy06 net profit at rs 125.9 crore when compared with ...

union bank of india is all set to lend rs 800 crore to small scale industries (ssis) and small and medium entreprises (smes) in ...

united bank of india has urged the central government to convert rs 1,200 crore equity share capital into preference shares in ...

the rupee remained under pressure today and fell sharply by 13 paise against the us currency in late morning deals amidst fairly ...

the reserve bank of india may announce a time-table for a phased cut in banks cash reserve ratio (crr), from the existing 5 per ...

bangalore-based vijaya bank, has registered 47.25 per cent rise in its agricultural credit to touch rs 2,468 crore in q1 fy 07, ...

bank of maharashtra has recorded 35.17 per cent rise in its net profit for the quarter april-june 2006 as the net profit for the ...

federal bank has earned a net profit of rs 40.18 crore during q1 of current financial year, down by 17.46 per cent than the same ...

bangalore-based vijaya bank has posted 163.53 per cent increase in net profit to rs 72.63 crore for the first quarter ended june ...

sbi life will enter the micro-insurance segment this year and infuse a capital of rs 100 crore to increase its paid-up capital to ...

the rbi may indicate continuation of its stance of hardening interest rates, in line with the global trends. it is not necessary ...

exim bank of india has picked up 10 per cent stake in consolidated coffee inc, a special purpose vehicle (spv) set up by tata ...

icici bank has posted 17 per cent hike in net profit at rs 620 crore for the first quarter ended june 2006, as against rs 530 ...

ahead of the reserve bank s policy review on tuesday, bankers anticipate a 0.25% hike in short term interest rates by the rbi as ...

bangalore-based vijaya bank has posted 163.53% increase in its net profit to rs 72.63 crore for the quarter ended june 30, i.e. ...

kalpana morparia, joint managing director of icici bank, today said an overall hardening of interest rates was very much possible ...

icici bank today reported a 17% increase in net profit at rs 620.01 crore in q1fy07 as against rs 530.01 crore in q1fy06. ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today allowed commercial banks to raise capital funds through issue of foreign currency debt ...

ending more than a month s speculation, icici bank has fixed the price of its equity stake at rs 507 a share to sell its 7 per ...

citibank india has maintained its second position among foreign banks in terms of profitability, as it today reported a 17.58 per ...

export-import bank of india is set to more than double its total resource base by raising $800 million overseas and rs 6,000 ...

sbi capital markets, state bank of india s investment banking subsidiary, plans to float a venture capital company sbi capital ...

union bank of india has withdrawn the discretion vested with its regional managers to grant 1 percentage point interest rate ...

exim bank is set to more than double its total reserves by raising $800 million from abroad and rs 6,000 crore from domestic ...

tamilnad mercantile bank plans to double its lending to small and medium enterprises (sme) to rs 1,190 crore during the current ...

the synergy created by the amalgamation of the cauvery grameena bank (cgb) and the kalpatharu grameena bank (kgb) has helped ...

the union bank of india will open 10 new branches in the thiruvananthapuram region during this financial year. of the proposed ...

kotak mahindra bank today reported 21 per cent rise in net profit to rs 23.91 crore in the first quarter of 2006-07 from rs 19.68 ...

canara bank has posted 2.13 per cent increase in its net profit to rs 191 crore for the first quarter (q1) ended june 30 as ...

union bank of india, a mid-sized government-owned bank, today reported 30.60 per cent fall in net profit in the first quarter of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) and the government are engaged in hectic parleys on whether to go ahead with the next auction of ...

kotak mahindra bank has proposed to buy 51 per cent stake in each of the kotak group s four overseas companies and in one indian ...

punjab sind bank (psb), one of the few banks still wholly owned by the government, is shunning long term lending because of ...

in a first of its initiative in gujarat, bank of india has launched a new scheme providing gold as loan to goldsmiths and ...

kotak mahindra bank today reported a 125% increase in consolidated net profit at rs 104.43 crore for the first quarter ended june ...

union bank of india today reported a 31% decline in net profit at rs 166.81 crore for the quarter ended june 30, 2006 when ...

canara bank today posted a 2% increase in net profit at rs 190.93 crore for the first quarter ended june 30, 2006 when compared ...

uco bank launched small enterprise and retail sales force in gujarat on wednesday. the sales force will market bank s deposit ...

a month after the reserve bank of india (rbi) cancelled the banking licence of the shriram co-operative bank (scbl), the state ...

standard chartered bank today launched a credit card, offering life-time 5 per cent cash back on all fuel purchases and payment ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi bank) today reported a 38.7 per cent year on year increase in its net profit in the ...

a sharp rise in interest rates in the international money markets has led to a mad rush of small and medium enterprises (sme) in ...

over 800 employees of the erstwhile idbi bank, now a part of the industrial development bank of india, have left the organisation ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) has posted a 39% jump in net profit at rs 150.57 crore for the quarter ended june 30, ...

as part of its organisational restructuring, canara bank will revamp its eight regional offices in tamil nadu and change them ...

indian bank is aiming to sell 500 kg of gold through its branch network this fiscal. in march 2006, the bank launched a new ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is holding a workshop here this month on the proposed model money lending legislation. rbi ...

uco bank has announced the opening of two mid-corporate branches at mg road, secunderabad, and banjara hills, hyderabad, to cater ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc), the leading mortgage lender, today reported a 20 per cent rise in net profit in ...

citibank has decided to conduct its primary dealer (pd) business with the bank and not keep it as part of its loss-making ...

standard chartered bank (stanchart) will acquire the 26 per cent stake held by uti securities in its primary dealership ...

bank of india (boi) is planning to raise rs 1,500 crore as a combination of tier-2 and upper tier-2 capital in the next one year. ...

the spot rupee, which had dropped to 46.82 per dollar in early morning deals today, had moved up to 46.75 per dollar in noon ...

iffco-tokio general insurance co ltd (itgi), a player in general insurance, received overwhelming response for its ...

andhra bank will open three more branches in kerala in the current financial year, taking its branch network in the state to 23. ...

union bank of india plans to lend to the small and medium enterprises (sme) segment in a big way to increase its share in total ...

the country s four public sector general insurance companies have decided to extend the system outsourcing of claims settlement ...

foreign exchange dealers and senior bankers expect the rupee to pierce the 47 level if the banking regulator, the reserve bank of ...

to cash in on the growing demand for analytic services, credit rating agency icra is planning to expand its bpo operations and ...

reliance general insurance, a reliance anil dhirubhai ambani group company, has, in the first quarter of 2006-07, grown at a ...

sbi chief o p bhatt, who took over as chairman earlier this month, has set a net profit target of rs 9,000 crore by march ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has directed a leading internet-based financial services provider to stop operating electronic ...

the acquisition of non-deposit taking non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) by foreign entities has come under the scanner of the ...

sbi chief o p bhatt who assumed the office of chairman earlier this month, has set a net profit target of rs 9,000 crore by march ...

india inc may lose its appetite for japanese yen borrowings as the cost advantage vis-a-vis dollar loans will substantially ...

finance minister p chidambaram will meet the chiefs of public sector banks on july 21 to take a closer look at the performance of ...

ing vysya bank has announced the unaudited results for the first quarter ended june 30. the bank has posted a net profit of rs ...

hdfc bank, the country s second largest private sector bank, today reported a 30 per cent rise in its net profit in the first ...

hdfc bank today reported a 30% increase in net profit at rs 239.30 crore for the first quarter ended june 30, 2006 when compared ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said there is no change in its stance on inflation, which it has projected to be 5-5.5% ...

bank of japan (boj) raised interest rate for the first time in almost six years as a decade-long bout of deflation ended, and the ...

the centre should take immediate measures to fill the vacancies in the life insurance corporation of india (lic), said k. ...

the four public sector general insurance companies -- united india, new india assurance, oriental insurance and national ...

state bank of india (sbi) has launched an on-line business centre at the bank s lucknow head office. the business centre will ...

icici bank is now incubating financial information network operations (fino), a technology backbone company for grassroots ...

uti bank, a mid-sized private sector bank, today reported 30 per cent rise in net profit in the first quarter of 2006-07 to rs ...

the increased threat of terror attacks over the last few years has seen companies increasingly seeking terrorism benefits cover ...

pune-based the cosmos co-operative bank eyes seven cooperative banks for merger including five from gujarat. the bank received 15 ...

uti bank today reported a 30% increase in net profit at rs 120.55 crore for the first quarter ended june 30, 2006 when compared ...

the government will go ahead with its plan to divest 5-15 per cent equity in three public sector banks this fiscal, ...

general insurers were unable to reinsure marine hull risks underwritten last year as cut-throat competition after lifting of ...

the financial year 2005-06, when the retail lending boom peaked, has turned out to be a very remunerative one for the ceos of ...

the local division of the life insurance corporation (lic) of india here claims to have got the first position in the country ...

after a wait of two and a half years around 500 depositors of maharashtra brahmin cooperative bank got back their money on ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi), federal bank and the netherlands-based fortis insurance international today signed a ...

the top brass of state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest bank, will converge at agra tomorrow for a two-day ...

the income-tax department plans to conduct compulsory assessment of returns filed by all real estate developers and corporate and ...

a sharp fall in credit growth amid rising interest rates would be the key discussion point when chiefs of some commercial banks ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today sought to calm rising interest rate concerns by fixing the cut-off at the auction of ...

rabo india finance (rif), the 100 per cent subsidiary of rabobank international, has restructured its investment banking ...

india is emerging as one of the most preferred private banking destinations at a time when the global private banking and wealth ...

the memorandum of understanding between idbi, fortis and federal bank for the joint venture life insurance business was signed ...

south indian bank (sib) has raised the interest rate for nre rupee accounts with effect from july 1, 2006. for various term ...

sundaram bnp paribas mutual has tied up with thrissur-based south indian bank (sib) for distribution of mutual fund products ...

south indian bank (sib) declared a dividend of 18 percent for 2005-06 at its 78th annual general meeting held at thrissur today. ...

mahindra mahindra financial services has signed an agreement with maruti udyog to provide retail financing for maruti ...

the recently concluded transfer pricing assessment by income tax authorities for assessment year 2003-04 has resulted in an ...

allbank finance ltd, the non-banking finance subsidiary of kolkata-based allahabad bank, will be starting its merchant banking ...

corporation bank plans to focus now on financial inclusion in more than 100 villages of gujarat in the light of the reserve bank ...

bank of india will raise rs 1,600 crore comprising upper tier-ii subordinate debt and lower tier-i in the current financial year, ...

icici bank, the largest originator of securitised assets, made a net gain of rs 403.24 crore by selling loans through ...

the indian operations of three foreign banks the bank of nova scotia, calyon bank and abu dhabi commercial bank have clawed ...

ge money, the consumer finance arm of general electric company, today announced an increase of its benchmark floating reference ...

this year, the oriental bank of commerce plans to concentrate on its small-and-medium-enterprises loan portfolio because the ...

a week after taking over as chairman of state bank of india (sbi), om prakash bhatt has reshuffled the portfolios of the top ...

two and three-wheeler major bajaj auto today bought an additional 1.42 per cent stake in icici bank for rs 633.05 crore, raising ...

max new york life (mnyl) has set a target of more than doubling its new business premium income in the current financial year to ...

the institute of chartered accountants of india (icai) is in the final stage of formulating the accounting standard for financial ...

state bank of india is banking big on the farm sector. it has entered into as many as 275 corporate alliances which helped it ...

icici bank, last week, sold 5.37 per cent stake in 3i infotech (formerly icici infotech) to the life insurance corporation of ...

bank of india (boi) is integrating social responsibility into its core business of banking. it has launched a pilot project ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) fears that the unbridled disbursements of retail loans could result in higher levels of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today slashed the size of the government bond auction scheduled to be held on july 11.a ...

the ministry of finance has called for a meeting of reserve bank of india (rbi) and the securities exchange board of india ...

andhra bank has signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with the international institute of information technology, hyderabad, ...

icici bank is significantly moving ahead with its rural networking plan. nachiket mor, executive director, said, there is ...

rating agency icra plans to ramp up operations of its business process outsourcing (bpo) unit in kolkata to tap the growing ...

oriental insurance company has retained national thermal power corporation (ntpc) as its client. it has renewed the insurance ...

a high-level delegation of officials from the ministry of finance, central board of direct taxes (cbdt) and securities and ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today permitted primary dealers (pds)in government securities to diversify into other activities ...

just one tax measure - the banking cash transaction tax (bctt) - has unearthed concealed income worth rs 3,600 crore in delhi. ...

the commerce ministry has proposed to permit wholly owned subsidiaries of foreign banks to increase the number of their branches ...

small industries development bank of india (sidbi) will come out with a plan in the next 2-3 weeks to unlock the value of its ...

the new state bank india chairman om prakash bhatt has said there is no upward pressure on interest rates as of now in the wake ...

the income tax department has issued penalty notices to former employees of the reserve bank of india (rbi) and the hongkong and ...

the state bank of travancore (sbt) has hiked the interest rates on domestic term deposits and non-resident ordinary term deposits ...

the karnataka vikasa grameena bank (kvgb), covering nine districts in north and coastal karnataka, has decided to cut the ...

vijaya bank conducted its first adalat in coastal andhra here recently for small farmers, artisans and urban middle and lower ...

indian overseas bank (iob) of the visakhapatnam region, which has branches in five coastal districts from srikakulam to west ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority of india (irda) has decided to form a working group to examine the existing ...

united india insurance company has temporarily withdrawn its decision to discontinue its bank accounts with public and private ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has suggested the introduction of a separate business banking code of services for lending to ...

yes bank, the youngest private sector bank, would launch a private equity fund for the food and agri businesses. sonal shah has ...

state bank of india (sbi) would strive to regain its lost market share in two years, chairman o p bhatt said on his first day in ...

corporation bank will foray into credit card business shortly. speaking on the sidelines of the banking conclave organised by ...

c s rao, chairman, insurance regulatory and development authority of india (irda), has indicated that there could be a cause for ...

indian bank has set a target of recovering another rs 500 crore non-performing assets (npas) in the current financial year, after ...

oriental insurance company (oic) renewed shipping corporation of india s (sci) entire fleet for 2006-07 for a premium of rs 17.88 ...

state bank of india expects 30 per cent growth in forex turnover in gujarat in the current financial year and estimated that it ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said as per current indications it was still possible to contain inflation within the 5 to ...

the country s largest bank, state bank of india (sbi) will strive to regain its lost market share over the next 2 years, its ...

union bank of india has increased its interest rate on loans to retail traders by 25-50 basis points with effect from july 1, ...

the country s largest bank, state bank of india (sbi), has decided to wait till the july 25 review of monetary policy by the ...

om prakash bhatt, present md of state bank of travancore, has been appointed as the new chairman of sbi.bhatt will occupy ...

state bank of india (sbi), has decided to wait till the july 25 review of monetary policy by the reserve bank of india (rbi) for ...

world bank resumed financing the mumbai urban transport project (mutp) on thursday lifting the suspension imposed in march. ...

the federal reserve ben beranke raised benchmark rates by 25 basis points yesterday.this the 17th straight hike, thus the ...

reserve bank of india governor y v reddy has defended the central bank s practice of not providing forward guidance on inflation ...

the lifting of controls on insurance premium for fire, engineering and motor risks with effect from january 2007 is likely to ...

private life insurance player kotak life is targeting a first premium income of rs 175 crore in 2006-07 as it plans to expand its ...

commercial banks disbursed rs 1,16,370 crore loans to the agriculture sector in 2005-06, up 33 per cent compared with the target ...

barclays india nearly doubled its net profit to rs 120 crore in 2005-06 from rs 62.5 crore a year earlier on the back of a strong ...

national housing bank (nhb) is likely to launch reverse mortgage in the current financial year to meet the financial needs of ...

azim premji, chairman of the $1.76-billion wipro, and kumar mangalam birla, head of the aditya birla group, have been nominated ...

the consumer is indeed the king even in the banking sector. your bankers may now have to compensate you for any losses incurred ...

barclays india has nearly doubled its net profit for the financial year ended march 2006, with strong growth in key business ...

azim premji, chairman of wipro, and kumar mangalam birla, head of the a v birla group, have been nominated as members of the ...

commercial banks disbursed loans of rs 1,16,370 crore to the agriculture sector in fy06, 33% more than the target set by the ...

the union bank of india aims to introduce each indian household to the process of banking through a scheme under which members of ...

national insurance company ltd is targeting rural banks to expand its business in uttaranchal and western uttar pradesh and ...

bank stocks have declined 28 per cent from their peak level about a month ago, in line with the market meltdown. over the past ...

the mysore division of the life insurance corporation of india (lic) is all set for a repeat of its top performance. the division ...

purchase of items in excess of two-and-half times the income filed under annual information return (air) may become one of the ...

the canara bank staff union affiliated to the bank employees federation of india affiliated to cpm, has decided to go an all ...

kochi-based lord krishna bank (lkb) has posted a net profit of rs 3.68 crore in 2005-06. the bank had registered a net loss of rs ...

the premium of health insurance taken by corporates for their employees is expected to go up with the proposed detariffing (to ...

in the latest case of breach of security at a back office in india, close to 233,000 (approximately rs 1.8 crore) appears to ...

a consortium of 20 banks today committed a 14-year term loan of rs 6,387 crore for a 6 mmtpa greenfield refinery proposed by ...

raising concern over poor deposit growth in the banking sector, state bankers today pegged the annual credit plan, for the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today asked commercial and cooperative banks to submit status reports on implementation of core ...

a reduction in government s scheduled borrowing of rs 10,000 crore due july 3-11 is unlikely despite the bearish sentiment in the ...

core banking solution providers have a reason to smile. inspite of a fire gutting its ashram road branch, punjab national bank ...

global rating agency, standard poor s (s p) today said banking systems in india and other asian countries face ...

the union bank of switzerland (ubs) is investing swiss francs 50 million ($40 million)in the ubs india service centre in ...

federal bank will be the third partner in the life insurance joint venture of idbi bank and belgian-dutch bancassurance group ...

the thiruvananthapuram-based state bank of travancore (sbt) unveiled depository services at its main branch here. k sitaramam, ...

the south indian bank (sib) is in serious talks with franklin templeton, reliance mutual fund and sundaram mutual fund with a ...

national insurance company plans to launch three new health insurance products this fiscal to strengthen its position in the ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) will do away with the distinction between development banking unit (dbu) and ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) has decided to withdraw two unit-linked insurance plans (ulips) - future plus and ...

the upward pressure on inflation is likely to persist owing to the cascading effect of auto fuel price hikes, which could force ...

the frenzied pace of growth in home loans disbursed by commercial banks may slow down with the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

global rating agency standard poor s (s p) said banking systems in india and other asian countries faced medium-to-high ...

outcome of the fed meeting and size of the auction to be announced by the rbi are crucial the spot rupee is likely to rule in ...

bond prices at the longer end crashed by over re 1 today, and the yield on the 10-year benchmark government securities touched ...

non-payment of interest on banks cash balance kept with the reserve bank of india (rbi) in the form of cash reserve ratio (crr) ...

oriental bank of commerce is exploring the option of foraying into life insurance business. speaking on the sidelines of the ...

insurance companies seem to be giving a lukewarm response to the recent stipulation, which allows them to invest in hybrid ...

foreign institutional investors (fiis) were net sellers of rs 202.60 crore on thursday june 22, according to data released by ...

k n prithviraj, chairman and manging director of oriental bank of commerce (obc), today said the bank is keen to enter the life ...

union bank of india is likely to raise the lending rates for home loans and trade finance by up to 50 basis points and also ...

former chairman of the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) n rangachary has called for focused efforts on the ...

financial intelligence unit-india (fiu), an agency responsible for maintaining data to combat money laundering , has asked ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) today launched a unit linked gratuity plan and aims to earn rs 1,000 crore of ...

major business ratios of public sector banks declined during the financial year ended march 2006 as their operating income and ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has clamped down on utilisation of floating provisions by banks to boost profits.in a ...

foreign institutional investors (fiis) were net buyers of rs 91.60 crore on wednesday june 21, according to data released by sebi ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi bank) expects credit expansion to begin soon as corporates are likely to draw against ...

hdfc bank today launched a service that allows non-resident indians (nris) to send remittances online through the reserve bank of ...

foreign institutional investors (fiis) were net sellers of rs 199.60 crore on tuesday june 20, according to data released by sebi ...

barclays international retail and commercial banking today appointed samir bhatia to head its commercial banking business in ...

chanda kochhar, deputy managing director of icici bank, today said that there is no issue with liquidity, and corporates are also ...

with liquidity position in the system comfortable, credit growth is expected to pick up soon, v p shetty, chairman and managing ...

the vijayawada circle of indian bank, covering krishna, guntur and prakasam districts, is targeting rs 120 crore deposits and rs ...

the world s largest financial services company citigroup and its affiliates have scaled up their stake in indian internet and ...

ananthakrishna, chairman, karnataka bank limited, who will be completing six years in office on july 13, 2006 has been given an ...

the country s second largest general insurer oriental insurance company today said its net profit for the year ended march 2006 ...

to tap the non-resident remittances from west asian countries, corporation bank has acquired an oman-based foreign exchange ...

corporation bank has acquired an oman-based foreign exchange firm, in order to tap non-resident remittances from west asian ...

state bank of india (sbi) has no immediate plans to hike its benchmark prime lending rate (plr). sbi is not hiking the ...

hdfc bank has entered the limca book of records for opening 14 branches in a single day in new delhi. the branches were opened in ...

foreign institutional investors (fiis) were net buyers of rs 21.90 crore on monday june 19, according to data released by sebi ...

oriental insurance has registered a 14.1% drop in net profit at rs 283.91 crore in fy06 when compared with rs 330.52 crore in ...

as banks move from a loans-and-deposits model to financial super-markets , the rs 1,500 crore banking solutions company, i-flex ...

private players grew faster to corner more than one-third of the market and push the general insurance industry growth rate to ...

the market for securitised loans is expected to get a boost with securitisation instruments issued being cleared for recognition ...

the central bank of india is hoping that the banking regulation act would be amended soon to help float its maiden public ...

the home loan business remains hot, despite attempts by rbi to curb the credit flow to this business by driving up interest ...

the exuberant real estate market would see housing development finance corporation s (hdfc) real estate venture capital arm ...

private sector life insurance companies will see an additional capital infusion of over rs 1,500 crore in 2006-07. the 14 private ...

deepali pant joshi, banking ombudsman of andhra pradesh, is eager to reach out to people who have a grievance against banks in ...

tata aig has posted a 77% increase in its total premium income at rs 880 crore for fy06 as against rs 497 crore in fy05 while its ...

foreign institutional investors (fiis) were net buyers of rs 659 crore on friday, june 16, according to data released by sebi ...

hdfc venture capital is launching a $750 million fund on a private placement basis for international investors, hdfc said in its ...

the public sector banking industry nearly doubled its exposure to sensitive sectors like real estate and capital markets in the ...

on an average, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has been sucking out in excess of rs 50,000 crore from the banking system through ...

tata motorfinance (tmf), the product finance subsidiary of tata motors, has begun disbursement of car loans to the customers of ...

gilt auction and asian currency movement versus the greenback are crucial for the market the spot rupee is likely to rule in the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today increased the size of the government bond auction scheduled for june 22 to suck out excess ...

the profile of fraud risks that commercial banks are prone to has undergone a sea change. banks now have to grapple with ...

hdfc bank today hiked its prime lending rate (plr) by 50 basis points to 11.50% with effect from june 14.the second ...

the decision to outsource the reserve bank of india s core functions has met with strong opposition from the bank s employees and ...

passenger vehicle sales in the short-term could be dented if banks emulate icici bank and raise interest rates on automobile ...

the scheme, launched by the state bank of india, in the city, offers a cash back incentive up to 6 percent to its atm card ...

to encourage the use of plastic money in two tier towns, state bank of india has rolled out cash back programme in selected ...

housing development finance corp (hdfc) would decide on the fate of hdfc chubb general insurance company, a joint venture with ...

bank of baroda (bob) today formally signed a pact with hdfc standard life to market the private life insurance company s ...

banks have turned out to be the best class of traders on the indian secondary market, sticking strictly to the sell at the peaks ...

state bank of mysore (sbm), the associate bank of state bank of india (sbi), hopes to tap the capital market with its initial ...

m damodaran, chairman of sebi, today said there will have to be greater involvement of mutual funds trustees of in the conduct ...

m damodaran, chairman of sebi, today said guidelines for real estate mutual funds would be out next week and the much-awaited ...

punjab national bank has posted a consolidated net profit of rs 1532.17 crore for the year ended march 31, 2006 as compared to rs ...

the west bengal state co-operative bank (wbscb), would be aiming for increased lending exposure to agriculture and other priority ...

banks and post offices, which have not deducted tax at source on interest income paid on senior citizens savings scheme, will ...

kolkata-based uco bank is planning to hit the market with its second upper tier ii bond issue by next week to shore up its ...

bank of america today reported 80 per cent year-on-year rise in net profit from its indian operations in 2005-06 at rs 144.6 ...

bank of baroda (bob), the country s fourth largest lender, today ruled out any immediate hike in retail lending rates, including ...

the experience of the last monsoon especially in mumbai and some other parts of maharashtra and parts of gujarat has taught ...

bank of baroda has ruled out immediately raising lending rates, including home loans, but is looking to hike corporate loan ...

in a judgment that could have widespread impact on india inc, the mumbai income tax tribunal has ruled that loans and advances ...

as part of its plan to increase its premium income from nashik region to rs 16 crore in 2006-07, bajaj allianz life insurance is ...

indusind bank today reported a loss of rs 62.40 crore for the fourth quarter ended march 31, 2004 as against net profit of rs ...

andhra bank and hmt tractors limited entered into a memorandum of understanding here on tuesday to increase the bank s tractor ...

malcolm wagget, chief operating officer (coo), global resourcing - south india, hsbc, met chief minister y s rajasekhara reddy ...

according to today s ongoing business standard opinion poll, initial public offerings (ipos) are no longer a good investment bet. ...

indusind bank has posted an 82% drop in net profit at rs 36.82 crore for the year ended march 31, 2006 when compared with rs ...

tata motorfinance (tmf), the auto-finance division of tata motors, plans to tap the rural and urban markets with loans to attract ...

the swap transactions involving conversion of fixed rate liabilities into floating rate foreign currency liabilities have not ...

dhanalakshmi bank is planning to float a follow-on public offer for equity shares and a perpetual bond issue to shore up its ...

the industrial output in april, which grew an impressive 9.5 per cent, has strengthened fears that the reserve bank of india ...

icici prudential life insurance has registered 64 per cent growth in weighted new business premium in the financial year ended ...

iffco tokio general insurance company (itgi) is aiming to increase premium income from its retail business to 65 per cent of the ...

tata aig general insurance company has posted a net profit of rs 13.6 crore for 2005-06 compared with rs 12.2 crore for 2004-05 ...

icici prudential life insurance will double its number of branches in gujarat. the insurance arm of icici has decided to mark its ...

icici prudential registered a 64 per cent growth in weighted new business premium in the financial year ended march 31, 2006, ...

the vijayawada region of vijaya bank, through its nine rural branches, 14 semi-urban branches and 16 urban branches, would ...

the thanjavur division of life insurance corporation of india (lic) is targeting to sell 4.08 lakh policies, thus eyeing a net ...

a special campaign for mobilisation of low-cost deposits, retail business, atm debit cards etc was launched by kalpana ...

india is likely to see a significant fillip in japanese investment in the near future.according to an india brand equity ...

icici bank has registered a consolidated net profit of rs 2,420 crore in fy06, as per indian gaap data. the ...

banks will have to mark to market their losses incurred in swap transactions involving conversion of fixed-rate rupee liabilities ...

equity market, global oil prices and inflation are key drivers the spot rupee is likely to rule in the 45.80-46.20 band against ...

with over 14 crore bank accounts, the department of post s (dop) saving scheme is one of the popular instruments with the ...

justifying the recent hike in interest rates, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said that interest rates were hardening ...

the bond market has started punting on another round of rate hike in july when the reserve bank of india (rbi) takes stock of its ...

icici bank today raised lending rates, including those for home loans, by 50 basis points to protect its margins. the hike comes ...

despite the 515-point rise in the markets on friday, concerns about tightening liquidity are weighing the markets down. brokers ...

the 25-basis point rate hike announced by the reserve bank of india on thursday resulted in a crash in the government securities ...

on the heels of the reserve bank of india hiking rates by 25 basis points, the country s largest private sector lender icici bank ...

the banking community is unlikely to rush for a hike in lending and deposit rates even as a section of bankers is not ruling out ...

india inc is unhappy with the reserve bank of india s rate hike. senior corporate executives told business standard that the hike ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) will raise around rs 11,000 crore from the market in the current ...

in their over-aggressiveness to capture a bigger slice of the market, insurers have been underwriting risks for various state-run ...

with its aim to meet a forex business of rs 5,700 crore, envisaging a growth of rs 1,100 crore for 2006-07, ananthakrishna, ...

a panel headed by the prime minister has said the rbi rate hike does not come as a surprise and that it reflects ...

the reserve bank of india today hiked reverse repo and repo rates on review of macro and monetary conditions. according ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) will raise about rs 1,000 crore from the market in the current ...

the european central bank (ecb) today raised its main refinancing rate by 25 basis points to 2.75%.the ecb s decision to ...

lic housing finance ltd has announced 60 per cent dividend for 2005-06, following a 192.03 per cent rise in net profit to rs ...

liquidity with banks will remain ample despite big drains in the next 10 days, dealers said tuesday, banking on a rise in ...

indian rupee, which has depreciated substantially to rule around rs 46 per dollar, is expected to rebound to rule at 44 by the ...

first year premium income of life insurance companies in april rose 58.4 per cent to rs 1,996 crore from rs 1,260 crore a year ...

icici prudential life insurance company is looking at making significant capital infusion during the current financial year to ...

icici prudential life insurance is planning to expand its branch network in maharashtra to achieve greater penetration in the ...

the banks in kerala have conveyed to the state government their decision to write off agricultural loans up to rs 1 lakh taken by ...

the rupee today touched an early low of 46.06 $. last week the currency had touched a three-year low at 46.57 $.the rupee ...

mangalore-based karnataka bank limited has increased interest rates on its non resident (external) rupee deposit (nre) scheme ...

iffco-tokio general insurance co ltd (itgi), a leading player in general insurance, has announced the launch of barish bima ...

it is not easy for private players to rope in customers, because public sector players are strongly entrenched, says prasun ...

united bank of india has revised interest rate on foreign currency non resident (fcnr) deposits upwards with effect from june 1, ...

government bond yields are unlikely to rise sharply although inflation is expected to top 5 per cent reserve bank of india s ...

the government will spend rs 1,600 crore in the current financial year to provide farmers with a subsidy on the interest they ...

the plan of setting up a pool for offering motor vehicle third-party risk cover, considered by the regulator a few months ago, is ...

with an aim to expand the size of its loan asset books, small industries development bank of india (sidbi) has gone beyond its ...

even as the market was awash with liquidity, bearish outlook resulted in a marginally higher cut-off yield of 7.38 per cent at ...

the one-time settlement (ots) scheme to recover chronic non-performing assets (npas) of small and medium enterprises (sme) has ...

the union government will pay 2 per cent interest subvention (subsidy) to public sector banks (psbs) and regional rural banks for ...

long-term funds are no longer the exclusive domain of insurance companies and provident funds. banks, which usually prefer ...

syndicate bank-sponsored rural regional banks (rrbs) in andhra pradesh have been amalgamated to form a new entity called andhra ...

atleast four foreign fund biggies would soon enter the indian mutual fund industry, a sign that re-affirms overseas interest in ...

bank of baroda (bob) has 25 per cent of its total branches in the state but generates about 17 per cent of its business. in a bid ...

the 96th state level bankers committee meeting of punjab, held at chandigarh on friday, discussed the issue of farmers ...

bank of india (boi) is focusing on the southern states to increase its business during this fiscal. south accounted for less than ...

industrial development bank of india is likely to raise rs 3,000 crore from the market through bonds this fiscal.the bank ...

prudential icici mutual fund (pru icici) has emerged as the largest mutual fund in the country having a record assets under ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today approved centurion bank of punjab s (cbop) preferential issue of seven crore shares at a ...

reserve bank of india s decision to sell a new 30-year bond next week through uniform price method is unlikely to prevent a rise ...

centurion bank of punjab has got the reserve bank of india approval to issue equity shares on preferential basis to johann ltd, a ...

before indian overseas bank (iob) gains complete control over the private sector bharat overseas bank (bhob), it may need to get ...

banks non-compliance with prevention of money laundering act by will be viewed seriously, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has ...

non-compliance with prevention of money laundering (pml) act by banks will be viewed seriously, the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

a new bank, shreyas gramin bank with headquarters in aligarh, has been formed by amalgamating three up-based regional rural banks ...

chennai-based indian bank is likely to hit the capital market with an intial public offer next year that may dilute government ...

the indian rupee has further strengthened versus the dollar and is now quoted at 45.98 $ compared to its previous close of ...

the indian rupee is trading firm in early trades.the rupee was quoted at 46.18 $ compared to its previous close of ...

indian manufacturing sector hired more workers for the fourteenth consecutive month in may, to cope with bigger order-books and ...

despite the recent volatility in markets and sharp fall in the sensex, equity remains the preferred choice for unit linked ...

was it only adequate reinsurance that helped private general insurers post profits in 2005-06 in spite of reporting one of the ...

tata aig general insurance company has launched a liability insurance cover for directors and officers (d os) of unlisted ...

yes bank today announced a special scheme offering 8 per cent interest on deposits of 10 months and 1 day, ahead of the launch of ...

the vijaya bank is planning to open overseas branches in west asia, china, hong kong and malaysia, prakash p mallya, chairman and ...

though the indian markets ended the month of may on a weak note tracking global cues such as volatile commodity prices and ...

the proposed pfrda bill, aimed at setting up a regulator and managing new pension system, will not allow pension schemes to ...

the life insurance sector grew by 41% in 2005-06 due to better performance of country s largest life insurer, lic, and private ...

the rural folk of punjab and haryana will soon get to know more about insurance covers and get the benefits of general insurance. ...

the uttar pradesh government is in talks with the small scale industrial development bank of india (sidbi), whose headquarters is ...

industrial development bank of india ltd is open to acquiring a bank to extend its retail network, said deputy managing director ...

sundaram finance has reported net profit of rs 117.65 crore for the quarter ended march 31, 2006. in the year-ago period, the ...

following the government s decision to write off its accumulated losses of rs 3,830 crore, the state-owned indian bank is ...

state bank of india (sbi) bengal circle is eyeing rs 300 crore net agri-business growth in 2006-07 against last year s ...

tara shankar bhattacharya, managing director, state bank of india, will hold charge for the time till the government appoints ...

ten years back, chennai-based indian bank created history by posting over rs 1,600 crore net loss wiping out its entire net ...

the indian rupee has plunged to its lowest level since june 2003.the rupee is now quoted at 46.55 $.

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today fined government-owned bank of baroda (bob) for maintaining lower cash reserve ratio (crr) ...

the reserve bank of india has notified that as announced in its annual monetary policy statement for 2006-07 (april-march) the ...

government bond prices are likely to rise by about 20 paise when the government announces a hike in retail rates of petroleum ...

the pune-based bank of maharashtra (bom) is now embarking on an image makeover, after stagnating for nearly three years and ...

as part of its 90th anniversary celebrations, karur vysya bank ltd is planning to offer new value added products like ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today slapped a fine of rs 5 lakh on government-owned bank of baroda (bob) for maintaining lower ...

disclosing this here today, punjab cooperatives and horticulture minister jasjit singh randhawa said that the bank had earned ...

star health allied insurance, the country s first standalone health insurance company, has commenced operations, offering a ...

wealth advisors (india) pvt ltd, a full service investment advisory company of the jv gokal group, has launched insurance broking ...

factors like high interest rates, worse than expected results and sector-related pessimism have pushed banking scrips out of the ...

the centre has prepared a constitution amendment bill to empower the co-operative banks general bodies to decide on any long ...

liquidity impact of capital flows has become a more important problem for monetary management than it was before, reserve bank of ...

in their bid to create awareness about the importance of insurance and to strengthen brand recall, insurance companies, ...

the thiruvananthapuram-based state bank of travancore (sbt) has lined up plans to open an exchange house in bahrain soon. the ...

with a share of 34 per cent in the total credit portfolio of the bank, the southern region accounted for about one third of ...

the spot rupee dropped below the 46-per dollar mark in early morning deals, and continued to be weak through the day before ...

the spot rupee hit a new low of 46.05 per dollar mark in late morning deals, and was traded around 46.03 per dollar in noon deals ...

the new entity, called andhra pradesh grameena vikas bank, will have its headquarters at warangal. it will cover over eight ...

karnataka revenue minister jagadeesh shettar said that the state government will use regional rural banks to the maximum extent ...

icici lombard general insurance has launched a weather insurance policy for grape cultivators in pune to help them minimise ...

the largest public sector bank of the country, state bank of india (sbi) is actively looking at acquisitions ...

foreign exchange reserves declined $793 million to $162.962 billion for the week ended may 19, according to the weekly supplement ...

buy jewellery worth rs 10,000 at tanishq on a tata credit card and drive down to the taj coffee shop to instantly spend the rs ...

the uk-based standard chartered bank today reported 51 per cent year-on-year rise in net profit from its indian operations in ...

the securities appellate tribunal (sat) has adjourned the first hearing of national securities depository ltd s (nsdl) appeal ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today issued draft guidelines on a fair practices code for non-banking finance companies (nbfcs), ...

the government is expecting a couple of weak public sector banks tomerge with stronger ones in ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today issued draft guidelines on fair practices code for non-banking finance companies ...

standard chartered bank today reported a 51% increase in net profit at rs 905.9 crore for the year ended march 31, 2006 when ...

religare, a diversified financial services company founded by the promoters of ranbaxy laboratories, has, jointly with us-based ...

citicorp finance (india) ltd, a subsidiary of us-based citigroup, is issuing an innovative debt instrument in the indian market, ...

the state bank of india s kerala circle has become the first among its circles to log on to 100 percent networking through the ...

citicorp finance (india), a subsidiary of us-based citigroup, is to raise rs 250 crore through the issue of equity-linked ...

reserve bank of india governor y v reddy said this morning that the indian economy appears to be shifting to higher levels of ...

to enhance its presence all across the country, united bank of india (ubi) is all set to open 50 more branches in current ...

punjab national bank (pnb) is likely to earn a net profit of rs 1,600 crore in the current financial year to march compared with ...

dutch bank abn amro nv plans to tap non-banking services in india more aggressively with retail broking and a possible entry into ...

interest rates might remain stable in the shorter run but with an upward bias, according to a k purwar, chairman, state bank of ...

with a view to extending its operations to thiruvathapuram and idukki districts, the south malabar gramin bank (smgb) is planning ...

the madhura nagar branch of bank of india here has a unique housing loan offer. it helps build an entire colony like those at ...

asset reconstruction company (india) (arcil), the country s first entity engaged in purchase and settlement of bad loans, today ...

bank of baroda (bob) today reported a 21% increase in consolidated net profit at rs 904.69 crore for the year ended march 31, ...

kolkata-based general insurance major national insurance company limited (nicl) is all set to record a total premium income of rs ...

the three-and-half-year-old cholamandalam ms general insurance, which hoped to post maiden profits in 2005-06, ended the year at ...

with domestic and overseas customers growing, sundaram business services plans to appoint 200 people and increase its employee ...

pantaloon retail india, a textiles and retailing company, is foraying into insurance business in joint venture with italy s ...

a k purwar, chairman of state bank group, has indicated that a virtual merger of state bank of india (sbi) and its associate ...

the bank has recently shifted its maharashtra zonal office from mumbai to pune. it has also chalked out branch expansion plan . ...

canara bank has targeted a global business level of rs 2,33,000 crore during 2006-07 fiscal, at a 18.74 per cent growth rate, ...

max new york life insurance company is aiming for a rs 1,000-crore premium collection during this calendar year, as against rs ...

the vijayawada zone of state bank of india, with 187 branches spread in krishna, west godavari and guntur districts, recorded an ...

citigroup, the largest financial services group in the us, plans to increase its market share in countries other than the ...

ing vysya bank has posted a net profit of rs 9.06 crore for fy06 as compared to a net loss of rs 38.18 crore for fy05. ...

a crisil study reveals that the country s large number of creditworthy small and medium enterprises (sme) present banks with huge ...

the rupee recouped all losses to end flat against the us currency monday as dollar sales by state-owned banks on behalf of the ...

after almost three years, the corporate bond market has given way to term loans as the chosen means to meet funding needs of ...

andhra pradesh chief minister, y s rajasekhara reddy, has asked bankers not to encourage microfinance institutions (mfis) as ...

indian overseas bank (iob) will open seven field general manager s offices by june 2006 in order to augment its business in the ...

the uti bank would set up a branch in hong kong and a representative office in shanghai, china, this fiscal, hemanth kaul, ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) stepped in today to give an assurance that the financial system was robust enought to absorb the ...

andhra pradesh chief minister y s rajasekhara reddy has asked bankers not to encourage micro finance institutions (mfis) as they ...

central board of direct taxes (cbdt) has expressed its disappointment on a newspaper report based upon the opinion of a tax ...

bank of india (boi) would open 10 new branches in the visakhapatnam zone in the near future, taking its number of branches in the ...

federal bank has registered a growth of 149.98 per cent in net profit at rs 225.21 crore in 2005-06 against rs 90.09 crore in the ...

domestic equity markets and dollar movement overseas hold the key the spot rupee is likely to rule in the 45.25-45.75 band ...

state bank of india (sbi) will meet the basel-ii norms by the march 2007 deadline set by the reserve bank of india. we ...

state bank of india (sbi) will be raising an additional capital of rs 6,000-7,000 crore in 2006-07 through a mix of subordinate ...

higher provisioning to make good the erosion in the market value of its government bond portfolio pulled down the fourth quarter ...

indusind bank has signed a strategic alliance with doha bank.according to a release issued by indusind bank to the bse ...

the state bank of india (sbi) will be able to unlock huge value once its seven associate banks entered the capital market ...

state bank of india (sbi) today reported a 1% increase in consolidated net profit at rs 5,529.92 crore for the year ended march ...

jammu kashmir bank posted a 54% increase in net profit at rs 176.84 crore for the year ended march 31, 2006 when compared ...

federal bank today reported a 150% increase in consolidated net profit at rs 225.19 crore for the year ended march 31, 2006 when ...

life insurance corporation (lic) today announced an alliance with uti bank to provide annuity debit cards to its customers for ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has taken on to itself the task of ensuring that customers do not have to pay unduly high charges ...

the bank is running on profit since last three years with a net profit of rs 3.22 crore during last fiscal.in 2002-03, the bank ...

punjab national bank s (pnb) net profit for january-march 2006 declined by 20 per cent to rs 288.67 crore compared with rs 360.63 ...

centurion bank of punjab has posted a net profit of rs 26.04 crore for the fourth quarter ended march 31, 2006. its total income ...

reserve bank of india deputy governor rakesh mohan on wednesday said that there is no change in the central bank s inflation ...

hybrid instruments issued by banks, like perpetual debt instruments and debt capital instruments, will now be included under the ...

max new york life (mnyl), a leading life insurance company and a joint venture between max india ltd and new york life, has ...

announcing its plans to add 1,100 more people in 2006, scope international pvt ltd, the global shared services arm of standard ...

indian bank plans to roll out around 900 more automatic teller machines (atms), taking the total number of its atms across the ...

punjab national bank (pnb) has posted a net profit of rs 1439.31 crore for fy06, up 2% from rs 1410.12 crore in fy05. ...

fake credit card fraud has cost banks in india just over rs 1 crore in the last three years, even though the number of cards ...

encouraged by its initial business in himachal pradesh, hdfc bank is now set to spread its network by opening more branches ...

the amendments to the reserve bank of india act, 1974, will give the central bank greater flexibility in managing liquidity and ...

bajaj allianz life insurance company has firmed up massive network expansion plans to achieve around 100 per cent growth in its ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest bank, is set to join the elite league of $1 billion club when it announces its ...

iffco tokio general insurance company received overwhelming response for its barish bima yojna (weather insurance) from the ...

indian overseas bank raised rs 200 crore through an issue of perpetual bonds. the issue was opened on may 12 and was fully ...

though there has been a steady rise in the number of complaints pouring in with the banking ombudsman in chandigarh, which has ...

technology funds, with 1.03 per cent average return, were the best performers among all categories in the last week. banking and ...

several banks have borrowed large sums through one-year certificates of deposit (cds), expecting yields to rise as the reserve ...

as part of its initiative to bring more transparency in banking services, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has today asked ...

general insurance companies have petitioned the finance ministry to help them emerge unscathed from the rs 1,000-crore burden on ...

standard chartered bank will start funding companies involved in agricultural processing in a small way during the current year ...

talking to business standard, gary bennett, managing director and ceo of mnyl said, surat has the fastest growing market for ...

allahabad bank has posted a 30.33% increase in net profit at rs 706.13 crore in fy06 on the back of better asset management and ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today asked commercial banks to provide details of service charges levied by may 31, 2006, as it ...

the spot rupee, which hit an intra-day six-month low of 45.64 per dollar today, closed at 45.47 per dollar.dealers ...

large-scale selling by foreign institutional investors in the indian equity market and a sudden rise in dollar demand in the ...

the bank expects to receive overwhelming response from the investor community to its ipo due to its strong fundamentals. it is ...

kolkata-based general insurance major national insurance company (nicl) is all set to record a total premium income of rs 3,800 ...

hdfc standard life insurance company today reported a 112 per cent year-on-year growth in first year premium income in 2005-06 as ...

syndicate bank has revised its benchmark prime lending rate (plr) by 25 basis points from 11 per cent to 11.25 per cent, ...

mangalore-based syndicate bank reported 96 per cent fall in its net profit for the fourth quarter ended march 2006 at rs 10.31 ...

kotak mahindra bank today reported 50 per cent year-on-year rise in net profit in the fourth quarter ended march 2006 to rs 34.7 ...

the sbi life insurance company will leverage its parent institution, state bank of india s small and medium enterprises (sme) ...

the securities and exchange board of india s (sebi) committee on unified exchange traded corporate bond market has suggested that ...

suzlon energy plans to raise rs 5,000 crore to repay the loan taken for the acquisition of hansen transmissions and for expanding ...

the premiums underwritten by the indian life insurance industry increased by 41% for the year ended march 31, 2006, at rs ...

allahabad bank s q4 net profit for the quarter ended march 2006 has zoomed to rs 150.50 crore when compared to rs 79.32 crore in ...

talking to business standard, the managing director of unnati cooperative bank, yogesh patel said, vadodara s cooperative banks ...

according to rajesh sud, executive director, max new york life, the company has expanded its countrywide geographic presence to ...

o n singh, chairman and managing director, allahabad bank said, the board today approved the proposal of raising rs 500 crore ...

india inc will have to cough up a little more to pay premiums on non-tariff general insurance covers as insurers have decided to ...

companies in india cannot borrow from overseas corporate bodies (ocbs) even if these ocbs hold equity stakes in the borrowing ...

reserve bank of india governor yv reddy (pictured) has cautioned commercial banks against rising non-performing assets (npas) in ...

the securities and exchange board of india s (sebi) s decision to allow issue of rupee convertible bonds (rcbs) to foreign ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $1.736 billion to $162.413 billion for the week ended may 5, according to the weekly ...

the reserve bank of india rbi governor, yv reddy, has cautioned commercial banks against rising non-performing assets ...

after raising its interest rates on corporate loans with effect from may 1, 2006, bank of baroda (bob) has increased rates on ...

the 16th consecutive interest rate hike by us federal reserve is unlikely to put pressure on domestic interest rates, a senior ...

public sector banks (psbs) are shying away from the corporate bond market. these banks had, as an internal policy, decided not to ...

close on the heels of the opening of its dubai office, the andhra bank plans to open its new nri branch at vyttila in kochi in ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority of india has constituted a committee to look into the existing grievance ...

that banking is not a forte of men folk alone, and women, when given a chance, can even do better in this field, has been proved ...

bajaj allianz life insurance, with close to 60 branches in punjab (50 in rural areas and 10 in cities), is all set to open more ...

the distressed assets market in india is hotting up. new global distressed debt investors like spinnaker, cargill, avenue and jc ...

punjab national bank (pnb) today opened its first agriculture development branch in uttaranchal at kashipur industrial town in ...

state bank of saurashtra posted 46 per cent growth in its net profit to rs 60.12 crore, for the financial year 2005-06, compared ...

royal sundaram alliance insurance co has reported 59 per cent rise in net profit to rs 8.6 crore for year ended march 31, 2006 ...

the supreme court has set aside the judgment of the special court dealing with the securities scam and declared that standard ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor y v reddy has said consolidation in the banking sector was an important work in progress . ...

the board of reliance natural resources has approved the issuance of zero coupon foreign currency convertible bonds (fccbs) to ...

demanding a roll-back of the centre s decision to withdraw exemption offered to cooperative banks from paying income tax, 300 ...

the lending to the small and medium enterprises (sme) segment in india of hsbc has reached 7% of the total loans given to smes by ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) governor, y v reddy, has said consolidation in the banking sector is an important work in ...

indian banks association (iba) has listed 23 countries in the high risk category for the implementation of kyc (know your ...

uti bank may consider raising its home loan rates by at least 50 basis points to 9 per cent for its existing customers from july ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh), the wholly owned subsidiary of the country s largest bank state bank of india (sbi), plans to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has provided a major relief to banks by reverting to calculation of commission for handling ...

considered the fifth best holiday destination in the world, goa has emerged a new cash-rich state if one goes by the inflow of ...

the karad urban co-operative bank (kucb) posted a profit of rs 2.4 crore in the last fiscal. the bank could not pay dividend to ...

the bank of india (boi) is planning to expand its business in kerala to the tune of rs 2,500 crore by the end of march, 2007, ...

bank of india, which has forayed into infrastructure financing recently, is entering into an agreement with the japan bank of ...

escorts finance has filed an appeal with the delhi high court seeking to quash of the single judge s order that had refused to ...

brokers registered with the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) as corporate entities before 1997 may be exempted from ...

customers can no longer hope to pay just a small fee for atm usage. the reserve bank-promoted national financial switch (nfs) has ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will open a regional office in dehra dun and provide additional services including foreign ...

after a gap of 14 years, the kolkata-based united bank of india (ubi) has decided to make a dividend payment of rs 45.97 crore to ...

union bank of india (ubi) today raised its deposit rates by 25-75 bps across maturities to attract more depositors for bridging ...

private sector banks have outperformed their public sector counterparts in bottomline growth during the march 2006 quarter (q4). ...

the coconut development board (cdb) has given the nod for the project prepared by the agricultural wholesale market at vengeri ...

the thiruvananthapuram-based kerala state cooperative bank (kscb) has unveiled co-bank grama yatra loan scheme to promote rural ...

the andhra pradesh grameena vikas bank (apgvb), which was recently merged with five regional rural banks sponsored by the state ...

union bank of india (ubi) today raised its deposit rates by 25-75 basis points across various maturities to attract more retail ...

indian airlines (ia) has signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with icici bank for pre-delivery payments (pdps) funding for ...

orchid chemicals pharmaceuticals would be raising $200 million (about rs 890 crore) through the issue of foreign currency ...

general insurers travel insurance portfolios are growing at brisk pace thanks to travel houses bundling covers with their tour ...

global rating agency, standard poor s (s p), on friday cautioned that increase in interest rates or any decline in ...

icici bank, the country s second largest bank, today raised home loan rates by 50 basis points within a week after saying it ...

global rating agency, standard poor s (s p) expects incremental reforms to allow india to grow at close to 8%, but sees ...

icici bank, the country s second largest commercial bank, is set for another round of lending rate hikes. sources said the hikes ...

private equity and venture capital management company icici venture has invested rs 35 crore in metropolis health services, a ...

encouraged by the booming indian aviation market, bravia capital partners has formed a joint venture with infrastructure leasing ...

there could be a spill over effect of global developments on domestic interest rates. it could also pose challenges for reserve ...

india s economic performance translated into a whopping $150-billion opportunity but its biggest weakness was infrastructure ...

the meeting of the finance ministers of china, japan and korea on the sidelines of the asian development bank annual meeting here ...

banks in punjab have credit-linked 2,527 self-help groups (shgs) out of the 3,620 shgs that were formed in 2005-06. the total ...

all the unions in the reserve bank of india (rbi), insurance, mutual fund, both in public and private sector is going to observe ...

the union of the reserve bank of india (rbi), insurance and mutual funds are going to observe anti-outsourcing day on may 16, ...

moody s investors service today revised the outlook on india s ba2 domestic currency debt rating to stable from negative, citing ...

the bengal circle of state bank of india (sbi) is expecting to sanction rs 100 crore agricultural loan through the newly set up ...

the new chairman of life insurance corporation of india (lic), t s vijayan, has put the launch of credit card and micro-insurance ...

the state bank of india (sbi) has adopted an innovative strategy to expand its home loan portfolio and at the same time ensure ...

on the fourth day of the disturbed condition in the walled city area of vadodara, almost all of the 36 branches of state bank of ...

advantage india day will be the theme of the adb meet tomorrow. the 39th annual meeting of the asian development bank is being ...

asian development bank president haruhiko kuroda, expressed concern that current oil prices were unsustainably high and urged oil ...

hinting that the implementation of basel ii norms by indian commercial banks may go a little beyond march 2007, rbi governor yv ...

state bank of bikaner and jaipur (sbbj) will focus more on retail loans particularly for housing, education, consumer durables, ...

t s vijayan (pictured) on wednesday took charge as the youngest chairman of life insurance corporation of india (lic), the public ...

union bank of india has managed to beat the competition to emerge as the selected banker to handle a major part of the salary ...

rating agency crisil today said the creditworthiness of indian companies could take a downward turn in the coming years after ...

strengthening its support to farm and related segments, the thiruvananthapuram-based state bank of travancore (sbt) has recorded ...

chennai-based financial software systems (fss) has said that it has set up an atm network in bhutan. the company s leading ...

t s vijayan today took charge as the youngest chairman of life insurance corporation of india (lic), the public sector life ...

the foreign institutional investors (fiis) were net buyers to the tune of rs 462.08 crore in the futures option segment on ...

allahabad bank has revised interest rate on foreign currency non resident (fcnr) deposits and non resident (external) rupee ...

public sector banks, bank of india (boi) and andhra bank today raised their benchmark prime lending rates (plrs) by 50 basis ...

the thrissur-based private sector south indian bank (sib) recorded rs 16.31 crore net profit for the fourth quarter ended march ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc), the country s largest mortgage lender, today reported 22.63 per cent rise in its ...

the us treasury department has decided to post a full-time treasury representative in india as it considers the south asian ...

citigroup will buy standard life s 9.27 per cent stake in housing development finance company (hdfc), the country s biggest home ...

hdfc today reported a increase of 22.6% in its net profit for the quarter ended march 31, 2006.according to a release ...

south indian bank recorded a 485% increase in net profit at rs 50.90 crore in fy06 as against rs 8.70 crore last year, according ...

the board of directors of indian overseas bank (iob) in their meeting yesterday approved raising an aggregating of rs 1,200 crore ...

the country s biggest mortgage lender, housing development finance company (hdfc), today announced 0.50 basis points across the ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) will formulate a farm credit package to enable cooperative ...

icici bank today announced higher interest rates for non-resident fixed rupee (nre) deposits as well as those denominated in ...

the union bank of india today appointed r s reddy as executive director.according to an official release, reddy has over ...

andhra bank reported marginal increase in net profit at rs 138.59 crore for the quarter ended march 2006 compared with rs 138.77 ...

oriental bank of commerce s net profit for the quarter ended march 2006 was rs 204.94 crore, marginally higher than the previous ...

icici bank, the country s second largest bank, has reported 29 per cent jump in net profit to rs 789.93 crore in the fourth ...

canara bank is all set to foray into life insurance venture in partnership with a foreign player within the current financial ...

infrastructure development finance corporation (idfc) will pick up 33.33 per cent equity interest in s s kantilal ishwarlal ...

state bank of travancore has posted a net profit of rs 258.68 core for fy06 as against rs 247.13 crore during fy05.

state bank of india (sbi) has hiked home loan rates by increasing the state bank advance rate (sbar), which was at 10.25% ...

icici bank today reported a 30.65% increase in consolidated net profit at rs 2,420.09 crore for the year ended march 31, 2006 ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) today posted a 23% decline in net profit at rs 557.16 crore for the year ended march 31, 2006 ...

union bank of india has posted 65.97 per cent drop in net profit to rs 144 crore for the fourth quarter ended march 2006 from rs ...

bank of baroda s (bob) net profit in the fourth quarter ended march 2006 increased 106.65 per cent to rs 208.80 crore from rs ...

bank of india s (boi) net profit in the fourth quarter of 2005-06 jumped 381.94 to rs 254.42 crore from rs 52.79 crore a year ...

hdfc bank and industrial development bank of india (idbi bank) today said they would appeal against the securities and exchange ...

union bank of india (ubi) has posted a net profit of rs 675.18 crore for fy06 down 6% from rs 719.06 crore in fy05.

bank of india has posted a 106% increase in net profit at rs 701.44 crore for the year ended march 31, 2006 when compared with rs ...

bank of baroda (bob) today reported a 22% increase in net profit at rs 826.96 crore for the year ended march 31, 2006 when ...

mahindra and mahindra financial services, a leading player in the rural market, reported 31.70 per cent rise in net profit to rs ...

public sector indian overseas bank (iob) reported 30.05 per cent growth in net profit for the fourth quarter ended march 2006 to ...

dena bank today reported a 20% increase in net profit at rs 72.99 crore for the year ended march 31, 2006 when compared with rs ...

indian overseas bank (iob) today reported a 20% increase in net profit at rs 783.34 crore for the year ended march 31, 2006 when ...

madhavpura mercantile co-operative bank (mmcb) is peeved over bank of india s (boi) proposal to recover ketan parekh s dues from ...

educational loan is not on the priority list of private bankers in madhya pradesh. almost all the private bankers have sanctioned ...

the world bank has firmed up plans to once again assist in hydel power generation projects in the country after staying away from ...

allahabad bank plans to disburse loans amounting to rs 140 crore in 2006-07 covering almost 5000 farmers in punjab against ...

kotak life insurance posted a whopping 243 per cent growth in gujarat where as in india it registered a high growth of 100 per ...

the reserve bank of india has put in some riders while extending the deadline for residuary non-banking companies (rnbcs) to ...

after a gap of 12 years, the employees of mumbai-based public sector undertakings (psus) may have to bear the burden of ...

the mangalore-based corporation bank reported 6.78 per cent fall in net profit for the fourth quarter ended march 2006 as a rise ...

the visakhapatnam zone of bank of india (boi), spread across seven districts with 46 branches, registered a growth of 27 per cent ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today penalised a small-sized private sector bank, tamilnad mercantile bank, for not ensuring ...

corporation bank today reported a 26% increase in consolidated net profit at rs 443 crore for the year ended march 31, 2006 when ...

after clocking in over 35 per cent year-on-year growth in advances for 2004-05 and 2005-06, kolkata-based allahadbad bank will ...

the two government stocks - 7.40 per cent 2012 and 7.95 per cent 2032 , auctioned by the reserve bank of india on tuesday for a ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority of india (irda) has suspended the use of the matrix that formed the basis for ...

state bank of india, the country s largest bank, has come out with comprehensive guidelines to prevent anti-money laundering ...

d e shaw, the world s second-largest hedge fund, is entering india. the new york-based fund, often described as the most ...

hsbc india, which opened a branch in nagpur recently, is set to give local money lenders a tough competition. the bank has drawn ...

the visakhapatnam division of life insurance corporation of india (lic) posted a growth of 39 per cent in the first premium ...

life insurance corporation, southern zone, reported a 45 per cent growth in new business premium of rs 2,750 crore during ...

o p bhatt, managing director of state bank of travancore, will take over as the managing director of state bank of india ...

canara bank posted net profit of rs 493.52 crore for the fourth quarter ended march 2006, up 382.42 per cent compared with rs ...

shringar cinemas has raised $20 million (approximately rs 90 crore) through a foreign currency convertible bonds (fccb) issue ...

indusind bank will be floating a separate subsidiary for insurance broking. bhaskar ghose, managing director, said, we have ...

the goa state co-operative bank has tied up with aviva life insurance for bancassurance, with the objective of increasing its ...

an independent study group on old generation private sector banks in india constituted by the all india bank officers ...

indusind bank will have strategic business tie-up with more banks in the middle east, according to its managing director bhaskar ...

public sector banks (psbs) today made a strong pitch for a minimum 2.5%interest subsidy for providing short-term farm credit at ...

kotak mahindra bank has raised $100 million by issuing 1.50 crore global depository shares (gdss) priced at $6.6 per gds (approx ...

canara bank today reported a 21% increase in net profit at rs 1,343.22 crore for the year ended march 31, 2006 when compared with ...

the centre is planning to introduce a bill to amend co-operative legislation to remove dual control of state governments and the ...

union bank of india has set a total business target of rs 1,60,000 crore for the current fiscal and has identified retail, smes, ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority of india (irda) is planning to advance the setting up of the declined motor ...

shipping companies would see marine hull insurance premium rising back to the level prevailing before the risk was detariffed in ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $987 million to $155.196 billion for the week ended april 14, 2006, according to the weekly ...

uco bank would be raising rs 3,600 crore in a phased manner over the next 12 months by way of issuing upper tier ii bonds and ...

reserve bank of india governor yv reddy s decision to leave the key interest rates untouched in its annual policy early this week ...

vijaya bank has raised interest rates on medium and long term domestic deposits by quarter to half a percentage point. the bank ...

allahabad bank has signed on tata consultancy services to roll out core banking solution (cbs) across its 900 branches in ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) today reported a consolidated net of rs 546.49 crore for the year ended march 31, ...

the central government and the reserve bank of india are on the same wavelength, union finance minister p chidambaram said here ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is working on putting in place a framework whereby insurance companies ...

banks will have to make a total general provisioning of about rs 2,000 crore in 2006-07 on standard personal loans, capital ...

industrial development bank of india reported 6.35 per cent rise in net profit to rs 201 crore for the fourth quarter ended march ...

united bank of india expects to post more than 40 per cent growth in its small and medium enterprises (sme) outstandings in ...

april 2006 s p raises outlook to positive febraury.international rating agency standard poor s today raised the ...

the west bengal financial corporation (wbfc), that posted 400 per cent growth in operational profit at rs 1.70 crore in 2005-06, ...

the reserve bank of india s decision to leave the key policy rates unchanged in its annual credit policy has given a new lease of ...

standard poor s today upgraded the long-term foreign currency rating of industrial development bank of india (idbi) to ...

the state bank of travancore (sbt) has further increased interest rates on nre term deposits. the hike which came into effect ...

indian overseas bank (iob) seems to be gearing up for akshay tritiya (auspicious day to buy gold) that falls on april 30. the ...

life insurance companies have yet to see the entry of younger generation in a big way. this was highlighted by n s kannan, ...

standard poor s today raised the outlook on india to positive from stable citing improved prospects of a stable debt ...

the reserve bank of india has put the rate hike on hold for the time being but can tighten the policy any moment.at ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked banks not to consider raising hybrid tier-i and upper tier-ii capital in foreign ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today came out with draft guidelines on a new set of framework for asset liability management ( ...

the reserve bank of india s decision to keep base rates - repo, reverse repo and bank rate unchanged buoyed the sentiment in the ...

the abnormally high banking credit growth to the commercial real estate sector has created concern in the mind of the reserve ...

the ceiling of interest rate on export credit in foreign currency raised by 25 basis points to libor plus 100 basis points from ...

the annual monetary credit policy statement clearly states that financial stability is the topmost priority for the rbi, ...

reserve bank s annual credit policy for 2006-07 projects the image of a regulator that perhaps had intentions of raising key ...

the rbi s annual policy statement for 2006-07 is a reflection of the fact that our central bank has been using the monetary tools ...

the governor presented the policy in an environment of increased financial integration between the domestic and the global ...

the rbi has maintained equilibrium between opposing forces of growth, inflation, asset price rise and currency movements. it has ...

after a surprise hike in the repo rate in january 2006 and taking into consideration the acute shortage of rupee liquidity till ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has proposed to set up a working group to identify avenues to help urban co-operative banks ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has shifted to quarterly limits on ways and means advances (wma) for the central government from ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has estimated that the national gross domestic product (gdp) for 2006-07 is likely to be in the ...

in far-reaching reforms, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has given the go-ahead for the introduction of the when issued market ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) said it would ask banks to undertake stress tests on their asset portfolios, which would in part ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has raised the ceiling on interest rates charged on credit in foreign currency for exports in ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today stipulated that banks exposure to venture capital funds (vcfs) will be part of their ...

banks have been asked to step up provisioning for standard personal loans, loans and advances qualifying as capital market ...

the reserve bank of india s move to raise the provisioning for commercial realty loans to one per cent and increasing the risk ...

the vijayawada region of vijaya bank, with 39 branches covering 10 coastal districts, earned a profit of rs 32 crore and did a ...

the ap mahesh co-operative urban bank limited announced a 26 per cent increase in net profit (provisional) from rs 4 crore in ...

the cabinet today approved a proposal to write off accumulated losses of the united bank of india amounting to rs 278.44 crore ...

the abnormally high banking credit growth to the commercial real estate sector has been a cause for concern for the reserve bank ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) has given the go-ahead for the introduction of when issued market in government ...

reserve bank of india governor y v reddy today said the central bank was confident about containing inflation, but was worried ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has raised the ceiling on interest rates charged on foreign currency export credit in order to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked banks to step up provisioning for standard personal loans, loans and advances ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has initiated steps aimed at ensuring costs of banking services for customers are ...

y v reddy, governor of reserve bank of india, today left the bank rate, reverse repo rate and cash reserve ratio (crr) unchanged ...

rbi governor yv reddy spoke to business standard after announcing the policy. ...

marwar gramin bank, one of the major regional rural banks working in the south-western region of rajasthan, has achieved total ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said headline inflation had remained well contained in 2005-06 despite supply-side risks ...

commercial banks exposure to the real estate sector almost doubled in the first 10 months of 2005-06 over the march 31, 2005 ...

uti bank today announced 30.20 per cent growth in its net profit for the quarter ended march 2006 to rs 151.73 crore from rs ...

public sector banks employee unions are set to meet indian banks association s officials this week to discuss ways to implement ...

the phenomenal growth in retail credit is on the radar of the finance ministry, while the reserve bank of india feels that the ...

rbi hiked repo and reverse repo rate by 25 bps in january policy as a pre-emptive measure. high credit offtake, rising trade ...

the monetary policy has an impact on government borrowings, cost of funds for corporates, health of the banking system and ...

given the economic trajectory, corporate india would be keen to understand how the cost of finances are set to change when they ...

the rbi is likely to keep interest rates unchanged on april 18, but announce a hawkish statement that will hint it is not ...

there could be some apparent reasons for the rbi to favour a monetary policy tightening in its april policy. first, the ...

scramble for resources to feed high credit demand made banks to jack up rates on deposits in the beginning of second half of ...

the wholesale price-based inflation rate has remained well contained ever since the october policy review. the inflation rate has ...

the high crude petroleum product prices in international markets and surging non-fuel import payments for capital goods have ...

in the january 2006 review of the annual policy, reserve bank of india governor y v reddy had expressed concern at the runaway ...

the rbi has allowed primary dealers (pds) in government securities (gilts) to diversify into other businesses, but with a caveat ...

finacle, the banking product from the infosys stable, posted 68 per cent y-o-y growth to touch $82 million revenue for the ...

nine of the 24 nationalised banks and six of the 14 private banks operating in krishna district did not give a single rupee to ...

the infrastructure development finance company (idfc) plans to invest rs 1,000 crore every year over five years on township ...

euler hermes, the world s largest credit insurance company with a 34 per cent market share, has tied up with bajaj allianz ...

citibank has consolidated operations of its non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) engaged in consumer financing under one entity, ...

national bank for agricultural and rural development (nabard) on thursday reported 13 per cent drop in its surplus (profit) to rs ...

forty-five women entrepreneurs from the north are participating in the can mela, organised by the centre for entrepreneurship ...

aviva life insurance company india pvt limited, a joint venture between dabur and aviva plc, is targeting 100 per cent growth in ...

hdfc bank and kotak mahindra bank, a financial institution, have signed a memorandum of understanding to share their atm network. ...

the government securities (g-sec) and foreign exchange markets are set to get a big boost with the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

commercial banks may get to heave a sigh of relief with the reserve bank of india (rbi) planning to extend the deadline for ...

kotak old mutual life insurance company has decided to focus on the mass market as it witnessed a 100 per cent growth in first ...

rating agency crisil on wednesday reported 17 per cent fall in net profit at rs 7.92 crore in the first quarter ended march 31, ...

indian overseas bank, along with united india insurance, has come up with an insurance product which covers the risks that the ...

in the last fortnight of the fiscal 2005-06, banking system s deposit mobilisation grew by rs 83,894 crore over one-fourth of ...

the spot rupee opened at 44.79 80 per dollar, but closed at a three-month low of 45.19 20 per dollar following buying by banks. ...

crisil, a subsidiary of global rating agency standard poor s, today reported a 10% increase in consolidated net profit at ...

the reserve bank of india may hike the provisioning requirement for standard assets in real estate, capital market and home loans ...

a snag in their computer server link has paralysed the banking services in two branches of punjab national bank (pnb) in kharar ...

the uttar pradesh co-operative bank has announced a dividend of 15 per cent to stakeholders. it has posted a profit of rs 29.78 ...

lending to apex co-operative bodies and public sector units is proving to be the biggest problem for the up co-operative bank. ...

with the baisakhi festival season round the corner, international money transfer companies are gearing up to garner a major share ...

the public sector banks in india are all set to assist the growth of small and medium enterprises (smes) in the country by ...

the reserve bank of india s view that the foreign realty funds would create a bubble in the sector has resulted in blocking of $ ...

the easing of the liquidity tightness has provided the reserve bank of india (rbi) the comfort to side-step the demand for ...

stating that the jalandhar central cooperative bank would open two more branches, managing director anil dutta today said very ...

standard chartered bank plans to focus on tier-ii and -iii cities and expects contribution from such towns to its total business ...

close on the heels of the asian development bank s (adb) estimates of a slowdown in gdp growth, the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

on monday, state bank of india cleared more than 70,000 cheques worth over rs 200 crore in gujarat following withdrawal of the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) proposes to initiate criminal action against banks involved in the ipo scam. after its meeting ...

rupee-yen swaps, which was prevalent among corporates to reduce the cost of funds, have now become a favourite of public sector ...

instead of recovering money borrowed by scheduled castes (sc) people, banks should advise them as well as help them in business. ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today kicked off the government borrowing programme for 2006-07 with the auction of new 10-year ...

after a week-long agitation, state bank of india (sbi) employees on monday resumed work, striving hard to restore normalcy in ...

visakhapatnam cooperative bank (vcb), the largest cooperative bank in andhra pradesh in terms of share capital, managed to reduce ...

the centurion bank of punjab (after the merger of the centurion bank with the bank of punjab) has set for itself a target of 85 ...

chaos prevailed in state bank of india (sbi) branches and atms as people made a beeline to withdraw cash and carry out other ...

finance minister p chidambaram this evening announced an end to the strike by the sbi employees after the government and the bank ...

andhra bank will add 70 new branches during the 2006-07 financial year across the country. this apart, the bank plans to set up ...

the dakshina kannada district central co-operative bank (dkdcc) has registered a profit of rs 5.12 crore during 2005-06, the ...

the ongoing strike by state bank of india employees has delayed the financial results for the year 2005-2006 and the account ...

mangalore-based corporation bank is looking to acquire a mid-sized bank in the north as part of its strategy to achieve rs 1 lakh ...

state bank of india (sbi) staff called off strike on sunday night.40% pension on salary above rs 21,040 and 50% pension ...

the first round of talks between the government and state bank of india management today ended in a stalemate with neither side ...

andhra bank will add 70 new branches across the country during fy07. the bank plans also to set up about 130 new atms across the ...

the state bank of hyderabad (sbh) is planning an initial public offer (ipo) during the second quarter of fy07. the bank intends ...

with the strike of state bank of india (sbi) employees entering the sixthday on saturday, the gujarat government has decided ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $2.960 billion to $151.622 billion for the week ended march 31, 2006, according to the weekly ...

purwar urges staff to resume work as strike enters fifth day.in what could cost the state bank of india a substantial ...

the ongoing strike by state bank of india employees has delayed the financial results for the year 2005-2006 and also put account ...

striking employees of state bank of india are planning to increase the ambit of their agitation by enlisting the support of other ...

the asset reconstruction company of india (arcil) resolved 115 non-performing assets (npa) cases aggregating rs 4,602 crore ...

italy s banca monte dei paschi di siena (mps), the world s oldest bank founded in 1472, today opened its representative office in ...

the union bank of india will open its overseas branches at the earliest, said m v nair, the newly-appointed chairman and managing ...

various banks have advanced about rs 170.98 crore to 25,770 self help groups (shgs) in east godavari district during the ...

the karnataka bank limited has effected an upward revision in interest rates on its non resident (external) rupee deposit (nre) ...

with the strike of state bank of india employees entering its forth day, majority of the central government employees, posted in ...

the uttar pradesh government decided to shift its banking transactions from sbi to allahabad bank. from april 6, allahabad bank ...

talks between striking sbi employees and the government have reached a stalemate, with employee unions rejecting finance minister ...

the united forum of bank unions (ufbu) will participate in a protest meeting tomorrow all across the state in support of the ...

t s vijayan is likely to take over as the chairman of life insurance corporation (lic) of india. vijayan is at present managing ...

union bank of india will open its first-ever overseas branch at the earliest, said m v nair, the newly appointed chairman and ...

a former chief manager of the state bank of india s foreign exchange branch here, charged with embezzling around rs 50 lakh, was ...

the bombay high court has rejected a petition filed by kolhapur-based ganesh bank of kurundwad that challenged its amalgamation ...

the cabinet today cleared indian bank s proposal for writing off rs 3,830.14 crore against its equity capital of rs 4,573.96 ...

talks between striking employees of state bank of india (sbi) and chief labour commissioner s k mukhopadhyay for a hike in ...

even as strike by the state bank of india (sbi) employees entered its fourth day, sources indicated that the bank s near-monopoly ...

the punjab national bank is planning to make the customers grievances mechanism system more powerful by providing alternative ...

the disruption of the clearing business is becoming a matter of concern in uttaranchal courtesy the ongoing strike by employees ...

saraswat bank is likely to write off around rs 25 crore of maratha mandir bank s losses over five years, s k banerjee, managing ...

bank of baroda (bob) has posted 24.3 per cent growth in its business, comprising deposits and advances, at rs 1,55,000 crore for ...

the bombay high court today upheld the reserve bank of india s (rbi) decision to place kolhapur-based ganesh bank of kurundwad ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi), in its new ruling for credit information companies, has allowed bank customers to have access to ...

kotak mahindra bank would soon launch gold hedging services, which are in a very nascent stage in india. gold analysts said most ...

state bank of india (sbi) today announced names of three new deputy managing directors (dmd) to fill vacancies. these ...

the continuing strike at the state bank of india (sbi) has thrown life out of gear for many people. the strike entered the third ...

bajaj allianz life insurance has recorded first premium income of rs 1,680 crore during the period between april 2005 and january ...

the reserve bank issued guidelines to banks on recovery of dues from poultry units, which have been hit hard following the avian ...

south indian bank (sib) today announced a hike in the interest rates on domestic deposits. after the revision, the interest rate ...

western union services india private limited (wusil) has unveiled its new initiative called 15 dirhams pricing from uae to ...

officers and employees of all the eight regional rural banks (rrbs) in andhra pradesh staged a protest before the regional office ...

shriram city union finance limited has informed that shriram enterprises holdings pvt has acquired 24 lakh shares, aggregating ...

state bank of india (sbi), the biggest indian bank, today named three new deputy managing directors (dmd) to fill vacancies. ...

the reserve bank of india is set to relax the norms for issuance of employee stock options (esops) by foreign companies to their ...

the comprehensive economic co-operation agreement (ceca) signed last year between india and singapore has become a bone of ...

with disbursement in the agri sector reaching rs 5,533 crore by january this year, or 83 per cent of the target of rs 6,668 crore ...

the insurance regulatory development authority (irda) has asked all insurance companies to put in place by july 1 a proper ...

the day-two of the indefinite country wide strike at the state bank of india (sbi) was complete in west bengal today and also all ...

saraswat co-operative bank has completed the merger of maratha mandir co-operative bank (mmcb) with itself. this is major merger ...

icici bank is launching a white label credit card in association with loyalty services and research ltd (lsrl), a company formed ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has revised the ways and means advances (wma) limits for state governments as per the ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor y v reddy is expected to meet finance minister p chidambaram in new delhi tomorrow to take ...

indefinite strike by the state bank of india s employees and officers has resulted into non-clearence of cheques worth more than ...

depositors of the nagpur mahila nagrik sahakari bank have turned to god for getting the reserve bank of india (rbi) to roll back ...

even as the rising number of atm (automated teller machine) related frauds has raised serious questions about the safety of bank ...

the operations of state bank of india (sbi) remained crippled throughout the country for the second day today, but the government ...

over 200,000 employees of the country s largest bank, the state bank of india, today began an indefinite strike, demanding ...

wall street finance ltd is planning to open over five outlets and around 25 franchisees in punjab in the financial year 2006-07. ...

salaried government officials, whose salary cheques are cleared by the state bank of india (sbi) only, have had their salary ...

diverting from its 16 year old legacy of having zero per cent net non-performance asset (npa), co-operative bank of rajkot ...

nearly 75,000 cheques worth rs 120 crore are awaiting clearance at the two clearance houses of the state bank of india (sbi) in ...

banks have started levying annual charges on automated teller machine (atm)-cum-debit cards ranging from rs 50 to rs 500. bankers ...

federal bank hiked interest rates on fcnr (b) and nre deposits with effect from 1st april, 2006. for nre deposits for a period of ...

the karnataka vikasa grameena bank has recorded a growth of 22.17 per cent over last year. the kvgb, which was the product of the ...

us-based investment banking firm, thomas weisel partners group, today launched its wholly-owned subsidiary, thomas weisel ...

germany s allianz ag saw its claims rising substantially in 2005 because of the unprecedented monsoon floods in ...

the government plans to rope in the asian development bank for financing five ultra mega power plants of 4,000 mw, each of which ...

india and china will exchange information on each other s banking, insurance and the capital markets sector during the first ...

important milestone on way towards full rupee float.india s foreign exchange reserves are set to touch the $150-billion ...

allaying concerns over liquidity crunch and the mismatch in growth of deposits and credit in the banking system, finance minister ...

finance minister p chidambaram said interest rates would remain attractive to depositors as well as borrowers, and the reserve ...

icici bank today sold its entire 8.48 per cent stake in the sk birla group-controlled mysore cements to mutual funds and foreign ...

trade in dollar against the rupee was scanty in small centres on thursday because the key centre, mumbai, was closed for the gudi ...

the reserve bank of india will formulate guidelines for the proposed international financial services centre in mumbai and the ...

the income-tax department has sent notices to reliance industries (ril) and wockhardt to pay withholding tax on interest payments ...

the all india state bank of india staff federation and the all india state bank of india s officer federation are jointly going ...

state bank of india (sbi) with dual objective to enhance customer service activities and tap small and medium enterprises, ...

banks treasury dealers have urged the reserve bank of india (rbi) to consider providing liquidity support to the banking ...

icici bank has increased interest rates on fcnr deposits for all currencies, except japanese yen, across all maturities by 25 ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is proposing to inspect the fortnightly reports on deposits filed by banks to check if there is ...

the government securities market witnessed sharp fall in prices following the federal reserve move to raise the base fed rate by ...

bank of baroda (bob) and hdfc bank today raised nri deposits rates, a day after the reserve bank of india (rbi) increased the ...

union bank of india has received the reserve bank of india s (rbi) nod to open branches in hong kong and doha in qatar. the bank ...

eleven commercial banks have joined the reserve bank of india (rbi) to set up the banking codes and standards board of india ...

the state bank of travancore (sbt) has unveiled online railway ticket reservation facility for its customers. the facility is ...

the south central railway (scr), vijayawada division, and vijaya bank on wednesday signed an mou for disbursement of salaries of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has come to the rescue of the poultry industry which has been badly hit by the bird flue ...

bank of baroda (bob) and hdfc bank today raised nri deposits rates - a day after the reserve bank of india (rbi) increased the ...

srei infrastructure finance, one of the leading project and infrastructure finance company in the country, is planning an ...

the us federal reserve yesterday hiked the interest rates for the 15th consecutive time. the new federal reserve chairman, ben ...

amid mounting pressure for a cut in banks cash reserve ratio (crr), the reserve bank of india today took yet another step to ...

the revised banking regulation (amendment) bill proposes to abandon the concept of deemed approval to entities hiking their stake ...

top silicon valley venture capitalist (vc) vinod khosla, along with other social venture capitalists, small industries ...

bankers today urged the reserve bank of india (rbi) to deregulate interest rates on nri deposits for improving liquidity ...

temasek s acquisition of a 12 per cent stake in uk-based standard chartered plc is unlikely to have any impact on the bank s ...

the aga khan fund for economic development (akfed) will reduce its stake in development credit bank (dcb) to 10 per cent from the ...

sbi cards, state bank of india s credit card subsidiary, is closing in on citibank and hopes to surpass the foreign bank to ...

four information technology majors, tata consultancy services, wipro, hewlett-packard, and ibm, are in race for state-owned dena ...

finance minister p chidambaram has assured public sector banks that a compensation package for providing short-term farm credit ...

cosmos bank has chalked out new strategy to enter into the lucrative banking market in rajkot by opening its own separate branch. ...

rajkot nagrik sahakari bank (rnsb), which was in limelight last week during the income tax cross verification, has now planned to ...

banks have pledged rs 1,314.85 crore under different segments of the both priority and non-priority sectors for the coming ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has decided that the interest rate ceiling with respect to fcnr(b) deposits be increased by 25 ...

senior bankers and representatives of indian banks association (iba) met reserve bank of india (rbi) governor y v reddy today, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today liberalised overseas investment norms to grant more operational flexibility to indian ...

the promoters of bajaj allianz life insurance have infused fresh capital of rs 132 crore into the company taking the private ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor rakesh mohan today said banks could face challenges in managing liquidity if they ...

kalupur commercial co-operative bank (kccb)has signed an mou for distribution of general insurance products with bajaj allianz ...

corporation bank has raised rs 300 crore through private placement of unsecured, redeemable, non-convertible, non-cumulative ...

bulk drugs manufacturer wanbury ltd has entered into a one-time settlement of loans taken by doctors organic chemicals ltd ...

the uk-based caledonia investment plc plans to invest $100-200 million in the indian market. this will account for approximately ...

indusind bank will soon foray into commodity finance against dematerialised warehouse receipts.the bank has already ...

centurion bank of punjab today sold four crore shares at rs 24.5 per share aggregating rs 98 crore, which it will utilise to make ...

y v reddy, governof of reserve bank of india (rbi), will meet bankers shortly and respond to their question on 1% cut in cash ...

rakesh mohan, deputy governor of reserver bank of india (rbi), today said banks need to maintain statutory liquidity ratio ...

a block deal of 1,39,20,000 shares of uti bank was executed on the nse at an average price of rs 358.05 for a turnover of rs ...

uti bank and hsbc have hiked their home loan rates by 50 basis points each, effective april 1, 2006. hsbc has hiked its mortgage ...

the retail financial sector, mainly banking, insurance, mutual funds and asset management companies, are most vulnerable to fraud ...

thomas mathew t has taken charge as the new managing director for life insurance corporation of india (lic), replacing k sridhar. ...

hsbc and uti bank will hike home loan rates by 50 basis points each w.e.f april 1, 2006.

foreign exchange reserves zoomed $2.238 billion to $146.159 billion for the week ended march 17, according to the weekly ...

the retail loan growth story continues despite rising interest rates and the liquidity squeeze being faced by banks.icici ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) has asked all banks to dematerialise shares pledged with them as collateral to ...

mcdowell and company, country s largest spirits firm, has fixed the price of the simultaneous offering of its maiden global ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) governor y v reddy today said the liquidity squeeze in the system is frictional and not because ...

all emerging markets, including india, should use part of their excess foreign exchange reserves for multilateral grant ...

the finance ministry has cleared the performance-linked incentive scheme for close to eight lakh employees of the public sector ...

c p swarnkar, executive director of punjab national bank, is set to take over as the chairman and managing director of syndicate ...

union finance minister p chidambaram is coming to hyderabad on saturday. he would review the arrangements for the forthcoming ...

the union government has decided to set up a panel to suggest steps for bringing more people under the financial system. at ...

the centre today announced its borrowing programme to raise up to rs 89,000 crore in the first half of the financial year ...

a day after meeting bankers on the issue of liquidity, finance minister pchidambaram today said availability of lendable ...

removing the ceiling of 200 shares on individual shareholding.the cabinet today approved a draft amendment to the sbi ...

a five-member committee, comprising public sector private and foreign bank chairmen is set to meet rbi governor yv reddy next ...

bajaj allianz life insurance company is looking at a turnover of rs 380 crore from the next fiscal year in madhya pradesh and ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked all commercial banks to submit their plan of action with regard to deployment of ...

naina lal kidwai has been appointed as chief executive officer of the hongkong and shanghai banking corporation ltd, india and ...

the country s first stand-alone health insurance company, star health and allied insurance company ltd, floated by a group of ...

naina lal kidwai has been appointed as the chief executive officer (ceo) and country head of the indian operations of the ...

wanbury, a bulk drugs manufacturing firm, has entered into a one-time settlement of loans taken by doctors organic chemicals ...

on the eve of a meeting with finance minister p chidambaram, public sector bank chiefs held a series of meetings to evolve a ...

srei infrastructure finance limited announced today it had floated a syndicated external commercial borrowing (ecb) loan of $50 ...

bank of india (boi) is considering raising hybrid tier ii capital in foreign currency under its $1 billion medium term notes ...

icici bank today sold its entire 6.5 per cent stake in the kerala-based private sector south indian bank (sib) for rs 30.3 ...

max new york life insurance company limited (mnyl), a specialist life insurance joint venture of max india limited and new york ...

icici bank today sold its entire 6.5% stake in kerala-based private sctor bank, south indian bank (sib), for rs 30.3 ...

another chinese bank, ubc, is also eyeing india.after almost two years since overseas chinese banking corporation exited ...

bank of baroda (bob) has bought national housing bank s 32.89 per cent stake in bob housing finance for rs 19.24 crore. bob ...

tata aig life insurance company ltd (tata aig life) has announced the opening of a new full service branch office at jodhpur. ...

the allahabad bank-led consortium, to be floated in 2007 to foray into non-life insurance business, will select by this ...

barclays plc, the uk-based financial services provider, has infused $150 million in its investment banking business in india and ...

thrissur-based south indian bank (sib) will expand its network of branches to 450 by the end of current fiscal from the present ...

the bank of india has come forward to give a financial assistance of rs 200 crore to the kakinada special economic zone limited ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has released rs 42.95 lakh to rural development and ...

uk-based financial services provider barclays plc has infused $150 million in its investment banking business in india, and ...

rbi appoints panel to draw road map.the reserve bank of india (rbi) today set the ball rolling on full capital account ...

karur vysya bank inaugurated its amritsar branch last week. this is the bank s second full-fledged branch in punjab after the one ...

most foreign bankers are impatient with the rbi s 2009 roadmap for bank consolidation, but sir thomas harris, stanchart vice ...

reliance industries ltd (ril) proposes to raise $150 million (about rs 660 crore) though an overseas bond issue to fund the ...

the all india state bank of india staff federation and the all india state bank of india s officer federation is planning a ...

corporate india raised a total of $1.79 billion through external commercial borrowings (ecb) and foreign currency convertible ...

dutch banking major, abn amro bank, aims to more than double the investments made in india from its private banking assets under ...

the state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest bank, plans to securitise 25-30 per cent of its rs 2,48,000 crore loan ...

a k purwar, chairman of state bank of india (sbi), today said the bank plans to securitise about 25-30% of the total asset ...

uti bank has launched a drive to garner business from charitable trust segment and has drawn up elaborate plans to reach out ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic), south zone, garnered a business income of rs 2,056.82 crore during the period between ...

hyderabad-based cynosure enterprises ltd has signed an mou with andhra bank for financing its e-bikes. andhra bank will provide a ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on saturday said it needs to streamline policy instruments to ensure that overnight call money ...

the union cabinet will issue oil bonds worth rs 5,750 crore on monday to subsidy-hit public sector oil companies. last month, rs ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) is expecting fund flows from foreign institutional investors (fiis) in the bullish indian stock ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it needs to fine-tune policy instruments to ensure that overnight call money rates ...

favouring a move towards fuller capital account convertibility in the context of changes in the last two decades, prime minister ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $773 million to $143.921 billion for the week ended march 10, 2006, according to the weekly ...

cosmos co-operative bank has received the final approval from the reserve bank of india (rbi) to acquire three co-operative ...

as part of its aggressive growth strategy, the life insurance corporation (lic) of india will launch two new products, a whole ...

birla sun life insurance has tied up with five co-operative banks to increase its market in the tier ii cities. in the north, the ...

dutch financial institution, ing group, has identified post-retirement financial planning, retail banking and life insurance as ...

icici bank expects interest rates to remain stable in the near term due to sufficient liquidity. liquidity is not a concern, ...

reserve bank of india s deputy governor, rakesh mohan has said the central bank wasn t sure if the high cash balances currently ...

banks want the reserve bank of india (rbi) to reduce the minimum capital adequacy ratio by one percentage point to 8 per cent, ...

banks in andhra pradesh expect to surpass the lending target of rs 28,600 crore this year. till the end of february 2006, the ...

kotak mahindra bank, through its subsidiaries, has entered into an agreement to purchase the 25% stake held by goldman sachs ...

in a move that clears the decks for 74 per cent foreign direct investment in weak private banks, the parliamentary standing ...

the central bank of india has approached the centre for converting part of its equity capital into other tier-i instruments such ...

asian countries should step up their initiatives towards setting up the asian bond fund and evolve innovative instruments to ...

centurion bank of punjab (cbop), the new entity following the merger between centurion bank and the bank of punjab, will be ...

the shares of state bank of india touched an all-time high today after foreign investors bought large blocks at a 15 per cent ...

icici bank s third round of hike in its prime lending rate on monday has triggered hectic parleys in other banks too, to take a ...

shares of the state bank of india (sbi) stock witnessed buying interest on tuesday on the back of favourable outlook on the ...

after hyderabad, development credit bank (dcb) has launched its free style savings account (fssa) in gujarat. this plan is a zero ...

it majors wipro technologies and tata consultancy services (tcs) are in the race for the rs 178 crore contract to provide core ...

a number of regional rural banks (rrbs) have not complied with the requirement of cash withdrawal reporting, the rajya sabha was ...

bihar government will convene a state-level bankers meet, to be addressed by union finance minister p chidambaram, next month to ...

the government has said it was not possible to reduce the interest rate on farm sector short-term credit below 7 per cent, ...

wipro technologies and tata consultancy services (tcs) are in the race for the rs 178 crore contract to provide core banking ...

public sector banks (psbs), not famous for their risk appetite, have become active in picking up stocks from the primary market. ...

icici bank, the country s second largest commercial bank, today increased its corporate prime lending rate by 100 basis points ...

moneygram international, a $970 million global money transfer company, is planning to focus on punjab in a big way, because a ...

the central government has appointed former punjab national bank chairman s s kohli (pictured) as chairman and managing director ...

the government has exercised call option to redeem special securities worth rs 134 crore issued to industrial development bank of ...

general insurer, royal sundaram alliance insurance company limited and basix, a livelihood promotion institution, have announced ...

an internal group of the reserve bank of india today suggested that credit assistance to non-banking finance corporations (nbfcs) ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today released the draft report of the internal working group on issues relating to level playing ...

the road map for sbi s public issue is gaining momentum with the government currently evaluating the proposal to list the bank s ...

public sector syndicate bank has signed an mou with cmc ltd., a subsidiary of tcs limited, to make the syndicate institute of ...

tata aig has launched a low premium insurance policy designed for smalland medium enterprise segments.the small ...

high demand for funds from banks via certificate of deposits maturing after march, coupled with mutual funds reluctance to lock ...

financial software and systems (fss) has entered the business of acquiring merchant outlets for its member banks. in the first ...

reserve bank of india governor y v reddy today ruled out speeding up the pace of external financial sector liberalisation even as ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) governor y v reddy today observed that the liquidity in the system may be under pressure in the ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $1.558 billion to $143.148 billion for the week ended march 3, according to the weekly ...

y v reddy, governor of reserve bank of india, today said advance tax payments could put some pressure on liquidity in mid-march. ...

state bank of india (sbi) is planing a follow-on public offer in the second quarter of the next fiscal. the public offer ...

syndicate institute of bank management (sibm) has signed a memorandum of understanding with cmc, a subsidiary of tata consultancy ...

what is fii-to-fii trading fii-to-fii trade means when a stocks hits the fii ceiling set by companies, ...

uco bank will tap the debt market tomorrow for raising rs 300 crore (rs 200 crore main issue and rs 100 crore greenshoe option) ...

the withdrawal of the exemption u s 80p of the income tax act, in respect of cooperative banks announced by the union finance ...

centurion bank of punjab today received the approval from the reserve bank of india for preferential issue of 12.9 crore shares ...

an internal committee of the reserve bank of india (rbi) has recommended for the removal of priority sector status to home loans ...

insurance players often blame insurance development regulatory authority (irda) for taking too much time to approve their ...

finance minister p chidambaram said state governments currently have a cash balance of over rs 50,000 crore with the reserve bank ...

outstanding certificates of deposit (cd) issued by banks reached a 15-year high some say a historic high in january, and is ...

the income tax department has tracked down two small stocks dataline finance ltd and fast track entertainment that have been ...

development credit bank (dcb) has launched free style savings accounts that offers a zero balance feature in savings account ...

the finance ministry has said the existing provident funds will continue to be recognised under the income-tax act for the ...

the asian development bank (adb) will be launching a $1 billion energy efficiency initiative this year as a part of its effort to ...

intel india has announced a collaboration with icici bank to provide easy and affordable financing options for the purchase of it ...

yes bank is all set to focus on northern india. of the 30 licences it has received from the rbi for branch operations, 14 will be ...

shriram overseas finance has informed the exchange that the board of directors of the company approved the scheme of amalgamation ...

hdfc bank today announced a 4 per cent discount on purchase of gold bars through a gold credit card targeted exclusively to ...

infrastructure development finance corporation (idfc) expects to raise $450 million through its second infrastructure equity fund ...

currency options could not have been put to a better use than now. with interest rate on rupee funds shooting up sharply in the ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) today signed a memorandum of understanding with brussels-based banking and insurance ...

the state bank of travancore (sbt) has announced an innovative loan scheme for bus and truck operators in the state. this ...

online banking is spreading beyond the metros. the latest survey by internet and mobile association of india (imai) reveals that ...

bharti group chairman sunil mittal on tuesday said the company would begin its life insurance venture with french major axa by ...

asian development bank (adb) president haruhiko kuroda will be visiting india this week to review the preparations for the bank s ...

the country s largest commercial bank, state bank of india (sbi), will now seek direct customer feedback on the quality of ...

australian financial and investment services provider, macquarie bank today opened its indian office. the bank s global clients ...

bob e rubin, chairman, executive committee, citigroup and former us treasury secretary, does not have any views on the valuation ...

the small industries development bank of india (sidbi) has set up a company to serve as a technology bank for the purpose of ...

the finance ministry tuesday said the pressure on liquidity was partly owing to redemption of india millennium deposits (imd) and ...

this has the potential of unleashing the power of commercial banking for everybody and also, as bank unions believe, that of ...

finance minister p chidambaram is likely to face stiff opposition from the public sector banks on the government s proposal to ...

the grameen foundation usa is joining hands with the icici bank and the itcot consulting to set up a company in india for micro ...

finance minister p chidambaram is likely to face stiff opposition from the public sector banking community on the government s ...

commercial banks and regional rural banks in haryana did better in december 2005 than in december 2004 on certain key parameters. ...

indian wealth markets are expected to grow by at least 17 per cent annually for the next three years, predicted a survey ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) and the central board of direct taxes (cbdt) have jointly recommended that the finance ministry ...

speculative grade bonds or high yield instruments in asia may show higher tendency for defaults owing to a rise in interest rates ...

with the government ruling out more borrowings in march, bond traders are mixed on the direction yields may take by march 31, a ...

west bengal-based co-operative banks have criticised the union budget on grounds that the central finance minister p chidambaram ...

canara bank has signed an mou with tata bp solar india limited, under which the bank will provide financial solutions to the ...

in the first instance of its kind, the government s decision on the appointment of a deputy governor of the reserve bank of india ...

icici bank has increased auto loan rates by 100 basis points with effect from today, a bank official told ...

after the visit of president george w bush lifted indo-us ties to a higher plane, american financial services giant citigroup is ...

information technology (it) firms are now focusing on small and medium industrial units. as software deployment trickles down to ...

the government is expected to save over rs 600 crore through the recapitalisation of non-tradable special securities into ...

banks are not happy with the tax rebate offered on fixed deposits of five years and above. they want finance minister to lower ...

finance minister p chidambaram said the reserve bank of india (rbi) has assured that it will provide ample liquidity to the ...

state bank of india (sbi) today said it will acquire a foreign bank in two months. discussions are on for acquiring an ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $350 million to $141.59 billion for the week ended february 24, according to the weekly ...

dawnay, day av (ddav), the indian subsidiary of the uk-based dawnay, day, is rolling out its full range of financial and property ...

banks lending to infrastructure sector rose by 52.34 per cent on to rs 56,709 crore as on march 2005 from rs 37,224 crore a year ...

the government is considering a proposal to permit non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) to offer risk coverage to lenders of ...

the small industries development bank of india (sidbi) plans to change its focus from refinancing to direct assistance, said n k ...

the finance ministry is likely to discuss the issue of banning participatory notes at the customary post-budget meeting with the ...

the rupee is trading a tad firmer at 44.36 $ compared to its previous close of 44.38 $.

the state bank of hyderabad (sbh) plans to double its business to about rs 200 crore in coimbatore by march 2007, according to ...

the co-operative banks and credit societies in the kolhapur region are perturbed by new taxation on their well being and profit, ...

weaker co-operative banks will now have to rethink their long-term business strategies with the removal of tax benefits to the ...

even without making any major announcement in his union budget for 2006-07, the finance minister p chidambaram seems to have ...

it wasn t expected to be a dream budget, but it was also not expected to be government bond traders nightmare. the market is ...

the proposal to charge tax on income earned by cooperative banks has evoked strong protests. urban cooperative banks, state and ...

union budget may not have a booster dose for banks but the session in parliament will be crucial as six important bills are to be ...

liquidity crunch in the banking system and need for additional capital to cope with the new prudential norms of basle ii may see ...

uti worldwide, a global logistics and supply chain management company, has begun to increase its information technology (it) ...

the interchange fee charged by banks from their customers for using the atm network of other banks may shoot up by rs 3-6. ...

the subsidiaries, associates and promoter group compannies of kotak mahindra bank today sold their entire effective economic ...

fii exposure to gilts up at $2 bn and corporate bonds at $1.5 bn.the budget has proposed to increase foreign ...

enhancing social justice through a variety of social sector programmes, encouraging long-term savings and as a corollary, ...

in his budget 2006-07, the finance minister has built upon on a very favourable macro economic setting and the buoyancy in tax ...

bringing fixed deposits of not less than five years under income tax exemption limit is not enough to augment deposit ...

the rupee has slightly chanaged at 44.535 $ compared to its last close yesterday.the market awaits the union budget which ...

the ipo allotment scam has claimed more victims. the reserve bank of india today imposed financial penalties on industrial ...

continuing with the process of amalgamating regional rural banks (rrbs), seven rrbs, sponsored by the bank of baroda, have been ...

punjab national bank in punjab(south) zone disbursed retail loans to the tune of rs.486 crore up to february 15, 2005 ...

rating agency fitch ratings today said 2006 would see securitisation volumes decline as the market restructures and adapts to the ...

global rating agency, standard poors today said sovereign governments in asia pacific, including in india, are expected to ...

the central board of trustees of the employees provident fund organisation (epfo) has allowed the fund to use its investment ...

the indian bank is in talks with the life insurance corporation of india to develop a low cost insurance product for the rural ...

life insurance corporation (lic) will take a decision on entering the health insurance sector soon.a k shukla, chairman ...

first time in the country for an infrastructure project.modelled on the novel financing pattern of the $15-billion, ...

bank of maharashtra has launched two new variants of its current account scheme mahabank-pearl mahabank-sapphire aimed at ...

hsbc today sold 7.19 per cent stake in uti bank for rs 638 crore, bringing down its holding in the private bank to 4.99 per cent. ...

the bank is also mulling a mega tier 2 bond issue in june-july 2006 to support credit growth. as part of its global expansion ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $811 million to $141.24 billion for the week ended february 17, 2006, according to the weekly ...

uco bank would become the first indian bank to raise funds via hybrid instruments after the reserve bank of india (rbi) issued ...

state bank of india (sbi) is planning to raise funds through issue of domestic bonds in the next financial year.sbi ...

national thermal power corporation (ntpc) on thursday raised $300 million through a 10-year bond issue. this was the first ...

banks and housing finance companies have begun using the securitisation and reconstruction of financial assets and enforcement of ...

over 10 lakh bank employees, including branch managers, from 27 public sector and private banks will go on a one-day strike on ...

banks and financial institutions (fis) expect finance minister p chidambaram to announce incentives to boost infrastructure ...

banks find high level of non-performing assets (npas) a deterrent in following the government s diktat to increase lending to ...

the indian banks association has held talks with the reserve bank of india (rbi) for dematerialisation of fixed deposits (fds). ...

krishak bharati cooperative ltd (kribhco), major producer of fertilisers in the cooperative sector, has selected bajaj allianz ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) proposes to hive off the responsibility of primary auction of gilts to the clearing corporation ...

claiming 300 per cent growth in business in the current fiscal in punjab, bajaj allianz life assurance will open at least eight ...

the rupee is trading slightly stronger at 44.60 $ compared to its wednesday s close of 44.65 $.

state bank of india (sbi), visakhapatnam zone, plans to sanction loans to the tune of rs 330 crore through its newly-initiated ...

ubs, one of the top five swiss banks, could set up a centre at kolkata for its global back-office jobs after it gets banking ...

banks credit growth rate to small scale industries (ssis) have fallen during march-september, a reserve bank of india data said. ...

high credit off-take versus slow growth in bank deposits has led to a rise in issuance of certificate of deposits by banks ahead ...

the state bank of india (sbi) is planning to extend the bs7799 certification that it received for its data centre in mumbai and ...

deutsche bank s wealth management division has $250 billion of assets under management and is advising its clients to invest 3-5 ...

spending by international visitors to india on their visa card has increased by 25 per cent year-on-year to rs 1,680 crore ($372 ...

the impact of bird flu is going to be felt by banks who have extended credit to the poultry industry in navapur. the exposure of ...

the rupee has slipped 10% to 44.48 $ compared to its last close of 44.43 $ yesterday.

state bank of india today announced it was discontinuing fixed-rate home loans for above 10 years in view of uncertainties on ...

domestic small and medium enterprises have demanded single window clearances, easier availability of finance at cheaper interest ...

state bank of india (sbi) plans to increase the share of sme lending to 50 per cent of its total advances from the current 20 per ...

the bangalore-based public sector canara bank intends to raise an aggregate rs 300 crore with an option to retain ...

uco bank expects to raise rs 450 crore by april 2006 through debt, including perpetual bonds. uco bank seems to be the first bank ...

to encourage small-scale industries to maintain quality, the chandigarh circle (including punjab, haryana, chandigarh, himachal ...

bank of india has raised domestic rupee term deposits rates by 25 basis points across various maturities. the move is aimed to ...

state bank of india (sbi) today announced the discontinuance of fixed rate home loans for tenures above 10 years in view of ...

state bank of india (sbi) today revised its home loan rates by 50-75 basis points (bps) across maturities.according to a ...

life insurance corporation of india will open four satellite sampark branches in the visakhapatnam division during the next ...

lic housing finance expects to reduce its level of gross non-performing assets from 4.6 per cent recorded on 31 december 2005 to ...

the central board of trustees (cbot), the country s biggest provident fund, is unlikely to step up investments in government ...

with competition in life insurance intensifying as new players are entering the fray, the players already in operation are ...

the country s largest commercial bank state bank of india (sbi) today said it will review lending rates only after the union ...

icici bank has finalised a co-operation agreement with munich-based bayernlb. the agreement aims at extending synergies across ...

kotak mahindra prime has acquired the entire retail auto finance portfolio from ford credit kotak mahindra private (ford credit ...

public sector banks (psbs), in a recent meeting with finance minister p chidambaram, have made a commitment that fresh addition ...

according to the data on mutual fund holdings for january, banks account for as high as 10.14 per cent of the total holdings of ...

development credit bank (dcb) has filed the draft red herring prospectus with the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) ...

state bank of india (sbi) will review lending rates only after the budget. we will wait till the budget to review the lending ...

icici bank and munich-based bayernlb have signed an agreement to co-operate across various areas, namely treasury, capital ...

the rupee has firmed up in morning trades and is now at 44.42 $. the rupee had ended at 44.47 $ on friday.

kotak mahindra bank is seeking to double its branch network in the next year and its business in 3-5 years. it currently has 52 ...

infrastructure development finance corporation (idfc) is planning to raise nearly $200 million through external commercial ...

state bank of india (sbi) became the first indian bank in china to get approval to start normal banking operations. we ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $452 million to $140.429 billion for the week ended february 10, 2006, according to the ...

the maharashtra government has decided to reduce stamp duty on all loan agreements to 0.1 per cent from 0.25 per cent it had ...

the mobilisation of funds by corporates and institutions through bonds rose by 42 per cent, to rs 47,599 crore in the first nine ...

the securities trading corporation of india (stci), a primary dealer, is working on plans to convert itself into a holding ...

the rupee continued its downward journey and is now down at 44.42 $. yesterday the rupee had closed at 44.35 $.

indian banks association (iba), in consultation with member banks, is preparing a draft code of banking practices tailored for ...

in a daring daylight heist that lasted for 42 minutes, robbers made away with rs 22.84 lakh from the punjab national bank branch ...

idbi capital market services ltd, a 100 per cent subsidiary of industrial development bank of india (idbi), is planning to build ...

bank of baroda (bob) has signed an agreement with infrastructure development finance corporation (idfc) to enhance funding to ...

rating agency crisil has said the reserve bank of india s (rbi) guidelines on capital treatment for credit enhancements in ...

finance minister p chidambaram on thursday indicated the government may not immediately go ahead with its scheduled borrowing of ...

south indian bank has set the cut-off price for shares to be alloted under the follow-on public offer (fpo) at rs 66 per ...

the rupee touched a low of 44.32 $, and is now quoted at 44.29 $ compared to its previous close of 44.27 $.

para-banking arm cannot invest in group firms from april.sahara india financial corporation is required to call back its ...

bank employees to get incentives based on performance in five key areas.heads of 29 public sector banks are set to get a ...

ge money, the us-based ge group s financial services arm, is still weighing the route it will take for launching full-fledged ...

corporate india raised close to $1.5 billion through external commercial borrowings (ecb) and foreign currency convertible bonds ...

paid-up capital of cdl comes to around rs 2.74 cr, authorised capital at rs 7.24 cr.

tata sons and state bank of india s (sbi) subsidiary, sbi cards, today launched the country s first white label credit card, with ...

auditors scanning records of co-operative banks should be made responsible for lapses on part of these banks, according to vinay ...

as liquidity concerns deepen ahead of the rs 5,000 crore government borrowing scheduled in the next one week, mumbai inter bank ...

the price band of the follow-on public issue by union bank of india upto 45 million equity share of rs 10 each has been fixed ...

icici bank today hiked its corporate lending rate for the second time in 40 days. the country s second largest bank raised its ...

the consortium led by allahabad bank for entering the non-life insurance business is likely to start with an initial capital base ...

the recent spot dollar demand by state-owned banks on behalf of the reserve bank of india is unlikely to cause any unusual spike ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) inspections have revealed that ganesh bank of kurundwad, which is under moratorium from january ...

mumbai-based private sector bank, development credit bank (dcb), plans to raise about rs 300 crore through initial public offer ...

justice k shridhar rao of karnataka high court has called upon the insurance companies and banks to work towards providing the ...

the board of directors of indian overseas bank (iob), which met today, approved a proposal to buy shares of bharat overseas bank ...

education loans at rs 8,000 crore, sticky assets touch 6-8 per cent.students seem to be giving bankers a run for their ...

having tapped the self-help groups (shgs) market in the rural areas, the union bank of india is now looking at increasing its ...

deposits of vijaya bank s vijayawada region, comprising 39 branches in 10 districts from srikakulam to chittoor, rose to rs ...

asian development bank (adb) has evinced interest in picking up stake in smera, a newly formed small and medium enterprise rating ...

d ravishankar (pictured), former executive director of crisil, has now taken charge as managing director, risk solutions ...

in what punjab national bank in gujarat has planned to complete its centralised banking solutions (cbs) 100 per cent by june ...

promoter of dewan housing finance ltd (dhfl), the wadhawan family, is planning to diversify into food and beverage retail ...

sbi card today launched a co-branded card in association with leading retail chain vishal mega mart to tap the booming organised ...

state-owned lic is hopeful to achieve an asset base of rs 5 lakh crore by the end of this fiscal.this was stated by atul kumar ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked banks to investigate funding provided by them in the last three years for purchase of ...

public sector syndicate bank is planning to step up its branch network to 2001 including a branch in london by the end of this ...

the country s largest insurer life insurance corporation (lic) of india grew business by 40 per cent fuelling 51 per cent growth ...

united bank of india (ubi) has revised the interest rates on foreign currency non-resident (fncr) deposits and non resident ...

export-import bank of india (exim bank) raised yen 23 billion (approximately $ 168 million) by issuing 5-year samurai bonds ...

non-banking financial corporations (nbfcs) that are not accepting deposits from the public and doing business with their own ...

deutsche bank chairman joseph ackermann today arrived in india on a two-day visit, his first after the bank launched its retail ...

the pune- based cosmos co-operative bank ltd is to expand its presence in gujarat through series of merger and acquisition. the ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) would formulate a corporate governance code for the insurance companies to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has referred the seven banks fined for their role in the recent initial public offering (ipo) ...

mumbai-based shyamrao vitthal cooperative bank has shown interest in reviving nagpur mahila nagari sahakari bank and extended a ...

joseph ackermann, chairman of germany-based deutsche bank, arrived in india today on a two-day visit - his first after the bank ...

tennis star sania mirza will be appointed the brand ambassador by deutsche bank, which started its india operations some time ...

lichfl care homes limited, a subsidiary of life insurance corporation housing finance limited (lichfl), has embarked on the ...

the indian banks association (iba) will this month recommend to the reserve bank of india (rbi) to re-introduce the system of ...

state bank of india (sbi) was looking at more overseas acquisition in developing countries, t s bhattacharya, managing director, ...

icici bank, the country s second biggest mortgage lender, has decided to increase interest rates on home loans by 50 basis points ...

rating agency crisil today reported a 36 per cent increase in its net profit in the third quarter ended december 31, 2005 to rs ...

the price band of the forthcoming public issue of south indian bank has been fixed between rs 60 and rs 66. addressing a press ...

non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) today sought abolition of service tax on the interest element in lease and hire purchase ...

hdfc standard life insurance company s has reported a 150 per cent increase in its first year premium income at rs 599 crore in ...

icici bank is planning to increase its home loan rates by 50 basis points anytime before the end of the current ...

state bank of india (sbi) is planning more overseas acquistions, and some buy-outs were already in the pipeline.speaking ...

crisil has placed the rs 700 crore certificate of deposit programme of indusind bank, which has a rating of p1 , under rating ...

the board of directors of south indian bank, which met today, finalised a price band of rs 60-66 per share for the public offer ...

global rating agency moody s investors service today upgraded reliance industries ltd s rating to baa2 from baa3, reflecting a ...

india and pakistan have posted the highest gains among developing asia-pacific equity markets, posting much stronger returns than ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today set a cut-off yield of 7.38 per cent (rs 100.60) at the auction of 7.46 per cent government ...

state bank of india, the country s largest commercial bank, plans to set up 42 more branches overseas, a bank official said ...

uco bank and sme rating agency limited (smera) forged a strategic alliance for leveraging the strengths of the two institutions ...

domestic companies will continue to borrow from global markets despite rising us interest rates as overseas rates are still ...

allied digital services has bagged a $1 million contract from the icici bank group, under which the it solutions company will ...

chennai-indian overseas bank will hold its board meeting on february 14 to consider a proposal to take over bharat overseas bank ...

over 2,500 delegates are expected to take part in the four-day asian development bank s (adb) 39th annual meeting to be held for ...

city union bank (cub) reported a 26 per cent rise in net profit to rs 12.43 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2005, ...

global rating agency, standard and poor s expects debt issuance by state governments in india to decline to about rs 1,12,800 ...

the twin auctions of government bonds worth rs 6,000 crore tomorrow are expected to see active bidding despite the tight ...

south indian bank will tap the capital market with a follow-on public offer of equity shares to raise about rs 150 crore to ...

state-owned life insurance corporation (lic) has decided to form a subsidiary to impart training in insurance - life and non-life ...

south indian bank (sib) is planning to hit the capital market with a follow-on public offer of equity shares to raise about rs ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) has earned rs 3,700 crore profit from investment operations, equity and debt markets, ...

allahabad bank has revised interest rate on foreign currency non resident (fcnr) deposits upwards with effect from february 1, ...

the state government has agreed to reduce the stamp duty on loans by 15 basis points from 25 basis points on demand of banks and ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $37 million to $139.481 billion for the week ended january 27, according to the weekly ...

most banks, active in securitisation of loan assets, have put off their plans to sell some standard assets as the reserve bank of ...

karnataka bank expects to increase its marketshare from the present 0.6 per cent to 1 per cent of the banking industry in the ...

global ratings major, standard poor s today announced that the net loss of rs 583 crore reported by indian oil corporation ...

finance minister p chidambaram will meet chiefs of public sector banks on monday in the run-up to the budget. among other things, ...

shriram holdings (madras), a part of the leading financial services conglomerate shriram group, today approved the sale of 49 per ...

union bank of india (ubi) today said that its follow-on public issue will open on february 15.the issue, comprising 4.5 ...

anil ambani-controlled reliance capital has received regulatory approval to change the name of amp sanmar life insurance to ...

according to recent trends in the insurance sector, companies are now looking to tap the vast, mostly untapped markets in the ...

development credit bank limited (dcb), one of the emerging private sector banks in the country, launched free style savings ...

the volumes in the government securities market have shrunk since the reverse repo rate hike on january 24, as banks are holding ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) is all set to launch venture and private equity funds as part of its plan to become a ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) bank today raised its interest rates on housing loans and other retail lending ...

western union, the worldwide leader in money transfer services and the bank of maharashtra (bom), has entered into a strategic ...

idbi today hiked retail lending rates by 25 basis points.announcing the hike here, v p shetty, chairman of idbi, said the ...

state bank of india (sbi) has not yet taken any decision on hiking home loan rates.t s bhattacharya, md of sbi, said the ...

icici bank today said it will decide whether to increase home loan rates or not after watching the impact on cost of ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) today raised home loan rates by 50 basis points across all segments. the new rates ...

bidders for uti securities are expected to put in their financial and technical bids by 11 am on wednesday and the name of the ...

sending out a warning to life insurers, the insurance regulatory authority of india (irda) has strictly advised insurance ...

canara bank has increased the interest rates on its domestic term deposits with effect from february 1. the additional interest ...

mangalore-based leading private sector bank karnataka bank has announced revision of domestic term deposit rates from february 1 ...

rising interest rates coupled with tight interbank liquidity are expected to keep forward dollar rupee premiums firm till ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today ruled out lifting of the cap on investments by foreign institutional investors (fiis) in ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is considering asking banks to adopt the broad principles of international accounting standards ...

the country s leading rating agency crisil said banks would manage the systemic impact on home loan portfolios and also on their ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will issue the final guidelines on securitisation in a day or two. the move is aimed at ensuring ...

kanbay, a us-based financial services company providing end-to-end solutions for credit cards, insurance, banking and investment ...

about 90 trucks of dry fruits being imported by indian traders from afghanistan, worth around rs 50 crore, got stranded on the ...

iffco-tokio general insurance co ltd (itgi) has achieved 280 per cent growth in rajasthan in 2005-06. the state in 2004-05 ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) will issue guidelines on securitisation of standard assets on thursday.the draft guidelines ...

hsbc today introduced a myhome loan product that allows borrowers to set a lower equated monthly instalment (emi) that needs not ...

to grab a big fee earning opportunity, leading credit card issuers are adding a total of 1.2 lakh point-of-sale (pos) terminals ...

the supreme court today dismissed the reserve bank of india (rbi) and federal bank s petition challenging the bombay high court s ...

in what will be the first for a banking group, industrial development bank of india s (idbi) has firmed up plans to enter into ...

the government should focus on recovery of non-performing assets (npa) of public sectors banks (psbs), enhance tax collection and ...

peerless general finance and investment company (pgfi), one of the largest nbfc s in the country is hoping to surpass the ...

lower provisioning helped 32 listed banks to clock an aggregate 40 per cent growth in net profit during the quarter ended ...

iffco-tokio general insurance company (itgi) has announced its dis-association with krishak bharathi cooperative ltd (kribhco) ...

pune-based bank of maharashtra has chalked out a national expansion plan and is looking forward to opening new branches in the ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today warned it will come hard on life insurance companies selling ...

karnataka bank has registered a net profit of rs 125.02 crore for the third quarter ended december 2005 as compared with rs ...

state-owned punjab national bank said its net profit for the quarter ended december 31, 2005, rose 18 per cent at rs 370 crore ...

punjab national bank (pnb) today reported a 17.87% increase in net profit at rs 370.44 crore for the third quarter ended december ...

even four weeks after the retirement of state bank of india managing director k ashok kini, the government has not been able to ...

liquidity is likely to remain under stress for major part of this week, say bond market players. there is also no direct ...

state bank of india s (sbi) net profit in the third quarter ended december 2005 increased marginally by 1.44 per cent to rs ...

state bank of india (sbi) today reported a 9% increase in consolidated net profit at rs 1,466 crore for the third quarter ended ...

india, thailand agree on psu bank s presence in bangkok.bharat overseas bank is set to be merged with indian overseas ...

andhra bank reported 5.76 per cent rise in net profit at rs 128.86 crore for the third quarter ended december 2005 as compared ...

bank of baroda has posted 190.9 per cent rise in its net profit at rs 202.18 crore for the third quarter ended december 2005 as ...

prudential icici mutual fund on friday tied up with bank of rajasthan for marketing its schemes. the bank will sell schemes to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today formally granted non-governmental organisations (ngos) and micro-finance institutions ...

small industries development bank of india (sidbi) has hiked the interest rates it charges on provision of refinance to banks ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today permitted foreign institutional investors (fiis) and non-resident indians (nris) to ...

the much talked about monorial-based mass rapid transit system project might be built at last. the japan bank for international ...

andhra bank today reported a 5.76% increase in net profit at rs 128.86 crore for the quarter ended december 31, 2005 as against ...

bank of baroda today reported a 190% increase in net profit at rs 202.18 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2005 as ...

the board of directors of south indian bank will meet on february 8, 2006 to consider and finalise the price band and related ...

as part of the centenary celebrations, the bangalore-based canara bank has announced an initiative to select and award the best ...

indian overseas bank has posted 22.34 per cent growth in net profit at rs 197.22 crore for the third quarter ended december 2005 ...

indian overseas bank (iob), tainted by the ipo allotment scam, has withdrawn the powers delegated to branches to sanction loans ...

in 1942, christopher columbus, the legendary italian explorer, sailed across the atlantic ocean to discover india but landed up ...

the proposed natural catastrophe pool for domestic general insurance players may not be in place in time to cushion these ...

the andhra pradesh state finance corporation(apsfc) today signed an mou with bank of india(boi) to ensure better credit flow to ...

indian overseas bank (iob) today reported a 22.3% increase in net profit at rs 197.22 crore for the third quarter ended december ...

repo rate hiked to 6.5% gdp target raised from 7-7.5% to 7.5-8%. the reserve bank of india (rbi) today increased the ...

lic housing finance ltd has posted 40 per cent rise in its net profit at rs 58.65 crore for the third quarter ended december ...

union bank of india reported 287.81 per cent rise in net profit at rs 229.08 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2005, ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) posted net profit of rs 119.30 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2005, ...

allahabad bank reported 40.84 per cent rise in net profit at rs 224.30 crore for the third quarter ended december 2005 as ...

reacting to the monetary policy announced by the reserve bank of india (rbi), leading industry chambers have said a further cut ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will issue guidelines for banks to raise capital through innovative instruments within the next ...

rbi continues to take preemptive steps of hiking repo and reverse repo by 25 basis points to prevent any unpleasant spikes in ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has taken a bold step by hiking the repo and reverse repo rate by 25 basis points to 5.5 % and ...

extracts from the statement by y venugopal reddy, governor, reserve bank of india on the third quarter review of ...

the yields on government bonds today rose by as much as 24 basis points (bp) soon after the reserve bank of india (rbi) raised ...

the delhi high court on tuesday allowed the revival of crb capital markets ltd which had duped 1.34 lakh small investors and many ...

to encourage saving habit among students, private sector catholic syrian bank today announced launching of a new students ...

repo rate hiked to 6.5% gdp target raised from 7-7.5% to 7.5-8%.

terming the hike in repo rates by the reserve bank of india today as pre-emptive action, finance minister p chidambaram said ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today increased the fixed reverse repo and repo rates by 0.25% to 5.50% and 6.50%, respectively, ...

bank of baroda (bob) is planning to increase deposit rates by 25bps with effect from january 27, 2006 or february 1, 2006, but is ...

y v reddy, governor of reserve bank of india (rbi), today said itwas not systemic failure but inadequate checks and balances ...

following are the highlights of the third quarter review of the monetary policy, 2005-06 announced by rbi today. 2005-06 ...

allahabad bank today reported 40.8% increase in net profit at rs 224.30 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2005 from ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) today reported a net profit of rs 119.30 crore for the third quarter ended december ...

corporation bank today reported a 29% decline in net profit at rs 115.07 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2005 as ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) today kept the bank rate and cash reserve ratio (crr) unchanged, but hiked the repo and reverse repo ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today slapped fines ranging from rs 5 lakh to rs 20 lakh on seven banks for their role in the ...

profit margins, selling prices, imports and employment generation was expected to improve during january-march 2006 over ...

oriental bank of commerce reported an increase of 12.31 per cent in its net profit to rs 143.42 crore for the quarter ended ...

companies that are promoted by partnerships would be one of the emerging segments that indian insurance agents would tap in the ...

canara bank has posted 30 per cent growth in net profit at rs 356.2 crore for the third quarter ended december 2005 as against ...

credit rating agency fitch ratings has expressed concern on the corporate governance practices of family-controlled old ...

around 10 lakh bank employees across the country would observe a day s strike on march 9, to demand restoration of appointments ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) would take up steps to strengthen cooperative credit system run by state government and its ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has decided to allow multi-state co-operative societies engaged in manufacturing activity to ...

the robust credit offtake coupled with a lag in deposit growth forced banks to take recourse to financial instruments such as ...

dena bank today unveiled its first central processing centre in mumbai. the state-owned bank plans to roll out similar processing ...

state bank of mysore s net profit increased by 15.18 per cent to rs 39.59 crore for the quarter ended december 2005 against rs ...

the jammu and kashmir bank s net profit declined by 29.59 per cent to rs 50.65 crore for the quarter ended december 31, 2005 ...

the delhi high court today dismissed united india insurance company s petition seeking to quash its earlier order asking the ...

the pricing committee of bank of baroda (bob) has has decided to allot shares of rs 10 each at rs 230 per share aggregating to rs ...

oriental bank of commerce today reported a 12% increase in net profit at rs 143.42 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, ...

canara bank today reported a 30% increase in net profit at rs 356.29 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2005 when ...

jammu kashmir bank today reported a 29.59% decline in net profit at rs 50.65 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, ...

global rating agency standard poor s today downgraded vedanta resources plc s long-term foreign currency and senior ...

vijaya bank reported 5.62 per cent rise in its third quarter net profit at rs 58.80 crore, from rs 55.67 crore in the year-ago ...

bank of india posted 90.72 per cent rise in its third quarter net profit at rs 143.1 crore against rs 75.07 crore in the same ...

commercial banks retail loan portfolio, which includes home and car loans, almost doubled in the two years ended march 2005. the ...

the banking community feels that the reserve bank of india may not raise the key signal rates in the quarterly review of the ...

bank of india today reported a 90.72% increase in net profit at rs 143.10 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2005 as ...

vijaya bank today reported a 5.62% increase in net profit at rs 58.80 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2005 as ...

commercial banks are working overtime to close savings and current accounts held in fictitious names, to which the demat accounts ...

buoyed by a surge in retail loans and non-operating income, country s largest private sector bank icici bank today reported ...

interest rates in the indian financial system are likely to move up in tandem with the hardening of rates in the global financial ...

state bank of india chairman a k purwar says the current level of credit growth sometimes gives him sleepless nights as it ...

infrastructure development finance company ltd (idfc) has posted a 11.33 per cent rise in net profit at rs 89.4 crore for the ...

banks should increase the flow of credit to the small and tiny sector, devaki muthukrishnan, regional director, rbi, said at the ...

iffco-tokio general insurance company ltd. (itgi), has ended its association with krishak bharathi cooperative ltd. (kribhco) for ...

ing vysya life insurance company private limited has tied up with yet another cooperative bank, nutan nagrik sahakari bank ...

icici bank today reported a 23.64% increase in net profit at rs 640.08 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2005 when ...

about 642 regional rural banks (rrbs) sponsored by the state bank of india (sbi) and the state bank of hyderabad (sbh) in the ...

genome, the fertility clinic of bhagirathi neotia woman child care centre (bnwccc) set up in association with herzilya ...

the cosmos co-operative bank is planning to acquire five banks this year. the bankers are in close talks with three banks from ...

dena bank will expand its officer managerial cadre by nearly 17 per cent in the next one year. the board has approved a plan to ...

zia mody (pictured), a leading expert in corporate law, has been appointed as a non-executive director of the uk-based hongkong ...

reserve bank of india will soon form a small group comprising representatives from the institute of chartered accountants of ...

icici bank, on completion of the price stabilisation period, has exercised in full the greenshoe option of rs 750 crore in its ...

imprisonment of up to five years stares ipo scamsters in the face. commercial banks involved in the scam will be penalised by the ...

ing vysya bank has tied up with euronet services india pvt ltd, a leading electronic payments provider, to open 200 self bank ...

bank of maharashtra (bom) has signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with life insurance corporation of india (lic) for the ...

syndicate bank has registered a net profit of rs 187.88 crore for the quarter ended december 2005 as against a net loss of rs ...

new-generation private sector bank, kotak mahindra bank, reported a 71 per cent rise in its net profit for the quarter ended ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) today reported a 20.53 per cent increase in net profit at rs 284.52 crore for the ...

dena bank s quarterly net profit grew by a whopping 263 per cent at rs 83.18 crore for the period ended december 31, 2005, from ...

the 30 per cent growth in credit offtake that the country is seeing is unsustainable as it could lead to concerns about loans ...

with a large part of the potato crop in uttar pradesh destroyed by frost in january, insurance companies are now moving in to ...

bank of rajasthan will issue shares on rights basis in 1 5 ratio at rs 50 per share.according to a release issued by the ...

kotak mahindra bank s net profit for the third quarter ended december 2005 soared 71% to rs 32.64 crore from rs 19.10 crore in ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked commercial banks to apply basel ii capital adequacy norms on a consolidated basis to ...

the visakhapatnam co-operative bank (vcb), the second largest co-operative urban bank in andhra pradesh, is targeting to achieve ...

eastern zone of punjab national bank (pnb) will now be handling its west bengal operation only as orissa and north east s ...

aluva-based federal bank has posted 496.50 per cent increase in net profit to rs 71.64 crore for the quarter ended december 31, ...

in the last one month, banks have raised over rs 8,000 crore of tier-ii capital to shore up their capital adequacy and to meet ...

dena bank chairman and managing director m v nair will take over as cmd of union bank of india on april 1 after its present cmd ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) would be setting up the national payment corporation of india (npci) - aimed at taking over all ...

domestic banks need to practice faith banking in the rural areas by not asking for collateral. this will help increase rural ...

punjab national bank (pnb) has announced an upward revision for its business growth target for 2005-06 following its new ...

yes bank, an emerging private bank in india, has entered uttaranchal to tap the potential of floriculture sector which needs to ...

icici lombard general insurance is expected to sign an mou with the punjab government shortly for a health insurance scheme for ...

federal bank has reported a six-fold jump in its q3 bottom line. according to a release issued by the bank to the bse, the net ...

iffco tokio general insurance company (itgi), a joint venture promoted by the indian farmers fertiliser co-operative and its ...

although bank shares have been laggards on the exchanges, it could be a blessing in disguise for retail investors eyeing a ...

the nashik merchants co-operative bank (namco bank) has sought rs 200 crore soft loan from the state government for merging ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) plans to bring up to 20,000 branches under real time gross settlement (rtgs) coverage by june ...

centurion bank of punjab has signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with il fs investsmart ltd (iil) for offering equity ...

the indian government is not uncomfortable with the current interest rate scenario as it is within a tolerable threshold , a ...

bankers have admitted that lapses at bank branches that led to manipulation of ipo allotments, have completely undermined the ...

indusind bank s quarterly net profit fell by 36.12 per cent at rs 27.37 crore for the quarter ended december 31, 2005 as against ...

after icici bank hiked its benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) for corporates, the country s largest bank, state bank of india ...

visa international, having garnered a lion s share of the electronic payment system in india, is in talks with the union ...

visa and mastercard, the global payment service providers, are pushing banks to adopt a new technology standard through a ...

a reserve bank of india (rbi) working group today called for a hands-off approach from the government when it comes to running ...

indusind bank today reported a 36% decline in net profit at rs 27.37 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2005 as ...

the price band for andhra bank s follow-on public issue of equity shares of rs 10 each for cash has been fixed at rs 82 to rs 90. ...

icici lombard became the first private player to cross rs 1,000 crore in premium collection even as the general insurance ...

foreign institutional investors (fiis) were net sellers in the cash and derivatives markets on january 12. they sold shares worth ...

innovation is driving icici bank s success on foreign soil. first canada and now its the uk. the country s second largest bank ...

uti bank s quarterly net profit jumped a modest 30.21 per cent to rs 131.71 crore for the period ended december 31, 2005, as ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $2.146 billion to $139.352 billion for the week ended january 6, according to the weekly ...

uti bank today reported a 30.21% increase in net profit at rs 131.71 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2005 as ...

bank of baroda (bob) has fixed a price band of rs 210-230 for its follow-on public offer of 7.1 crore shares, which is scheduled ...

the agricultural loan business of punjab national bank (pnb) in tamil nadu was hit hard by the floods the state experienced ...

icra ltd, the country s second largest rating agency, is drawing up plans for its initial public offer (ipo). after crisil ltd, ...

icici bank, the country s second largest bank, has become the first to raise the benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) amid ...

some old private banks seem to have taken a leaf out of moneylenders books by financing small and medium enterprises (smes) at ...

triveni engineering industries ltd (teil), one of the leading sugar and engineered-to-order mechanical equipment ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has projected rs 18,427 crore for institutional credit flow in ...

after opening three branches in chandigarh, phagwara and kapurthala, kotak mahindra bank recently announced concentrating on ...

citibank an royal sundaram alliance insurance company today launched a co-branded credit card that will offer exclusive general ...

a group of investors led by entrepreneur and politician, vijay kalantri, has pitched for acquiring a combined 35 per cent stake ...

the bank of baroda is planning to set up low-cost atms in rural areas in the country in association with the indian institute of ...

indusind bank is planning to expand its product portfolio in the retail finance and vehicle finance segments in rural areas. for ...

the national housing bank (nhb) and bank of baroda were yet to reach an agreement over the valuation of bob housing finance ltd. ...

bank of baroda (bob) expects to merge its subsidiary bob housing finance with itself in the current financial year as both ...

life insurance companies premium income from new business rose 105 per cent in november to rs 2,841 crore from rs 1,386 crore a ...

the public issue of union bank of india is expected to hit capital markets in the fourth quarter itself, said chairman and ...

hdfc bank, the country s second largest private sector bank, today reported a 31.28 per cent rise in its net profit to rs 224 ...

hdfc bank today reported a 31.28% increase in net profit at rs 224.40 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2005 as ...

marching beyond the confines of vanilla savings accounts, new-generation private banks such as hdfc bank and icici bank have ...

the central government is planning to revive land development banks within three months to provide loans to the farmers for ...

bank of india (boi) will invest around rs 150 crore for core banking system (cbs) across the country in 750 branches out of its ...

remit2india, which provides online money transfer services, has announced the launch of additional services for nris ranging from ...

rising global interest rates have slowed down india inc s overseas borrowing programme. according to the reserve bank of india ...

bank of baroda (bob) will hit the capital market with its follow-on issue for 7.1 crore equity shares of rs 10 each public offer ...

yes bank today reported a net profit of rs 14.50 crore in the october-december quarter of 2005. in the corresponding period of ...

satara-based united western bank has received the securities and exchange board of india s (sebi) nod for its proposed rights ...

federal bank is looking to amalgamate ganesh bank of kurundwad (gbk) with itself. the reserve bank of india (rbi) today made ...

the world bank has given an in-principal approval to the $250-million national agricultural innovation project (naip) to be ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) today placed in public domain a draft scheme of amalgamation of ganesh bank of kurundwad with federal ...

the follow-on public issue of bank of baroda is scheduled to open on january 16, 2006. the bank will issue 7.1 crore ...

yes bank today reported a net profit of rs 14.50 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2005 as against a loss of rs 33 ...

a leading german securities trading house, baader wertpapierhandelsbank ag, is acquiring 9.99 per cent stake in ahmedabad-based ...

the ailing private sector ganesh bank of kurundwad (gbk), based in kolhapur, has been put under moratorium by the reserve bank of ...

a huge dent caused by the redemption of india millennium deposits (imds) has forced the state bank of india (sbi) to follow the ...

the state bank of india (sbi) has handed over a sticky loan account of its former managing director, y radhakrishnan, to the ...

indian bank will provide banking services under the national pilot project for financial inclusion (nppfi), to 46 of the132 ...

state bank of india (sbi) today announced interest rate hikes between 25-50 bps on domestic term deposits.according to an ...

dbs bank ltd has informed that they have acquired 1,41,70,125 shares aggregating 37.34 per cent of the total paid up capital of ...

karur-based lakshmi vilas bank (lvb) will invest about rs 100 crore in its information technology initiative in the next two ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is planing to come up with a transparent policy in the next fiscal year to deal with demat ...

idbi bank is raising costly money to fund its expansion plans. at present it is raising non-convertible debentures of five and ...

finance minister p chidambaram today said that stringent action would be taken against those involved in the opening of bank ...

foreign exchange reserves declined $6.844 billion to $137.206 billion on december 30, 2005 from $144.05 billion in the previous ...

i-flex solutions and wipro infotech will implement i-flex s core banking solution - flexcube - in lakshmi vilas ...

engineering and construction major larsen toubro (l t) has launched a $100 million foreign currency convertible bonds ...

the chennai-based indian bank (ib), a wholly government owned bank, wants to be part of gujarat s economic prosperity and ...

andhra bank will hit the capital market with its follow-on public issue of 8.5 crore fresh shares to raise around rs 850 crore to ...

the international finance corporation (ifc), the private sector arm of the world bank, on thursday said it will invest $600,000 ...

the soft interest rate regime is now over with the rates on government securities likely to harden for at least two years, ...

state bank of india chairman a k purwar said today that short-term interest rates were under upward pressure. the pressure on ...

state bank of india (sbi) is expected to retain about 15% of the $7.3 billion that is being repaid to nri investors of india ...

andhra bank is tapping the capital market with a follow-on public issue of 8.5 crore equity shares for meeting basel-ii norms and ...

uti bank is planning to raise up to $1 billion through medium term notes (mtns) to fund lobal operations. we cannot give ...

banks, particularly public sector banks, are pointing fingers at concurrent auditors for failing to detect any wrong-doing at ...

the andhra pradesh urban and town co-operative banks association s (aputcba) 10th conference will be held in visakhapatnam on ...

over 35 per cent of the $967 million raised overseas in november 2005 was used for refinancing of old debt, according to data ...

for the first time in the indian securitisation market, a multiple-asset pool has witnessed an upgrade to the aaa level from ...

the hindujas-promoted indusind bank s profit in the third and fourth quarters of 2005-06 is likely to fall from a year ago, said ...

the spot rupee, which touched a high of 44.76 in early morning deals, was traded at 44.86 87 per dollar in late morning deals. ...

uttam galva steels (ugsl), the country s second largest galvanised steel manufacturer, today announced a three- year unsecured ...

the reserve bank of india-sponsored national financial switch (nfs) has formed a steering group of four member banks to decide on ...

the asset reconstruction co of india ltd (arcil) has given a return of 29 per cent in less than one year to investors in security ...

possibly because of focusing on small and medium enterprises and the farm sector, the deposits of banks have gone down by 0.72 ...

some private life insurance companies can be hard-pressed for capital to keep pace with business growth. an annual growth of ...

banks in gujarat have notched more claims than private policy holders during the last nine months, according to export credit ...

bobcards ltd, the credit card arm of bank of baroda (bob), is eyeing annual growth rate 60 per cent over the next five years. ...

bank of baroda has raised interest rates on its domestic term deposits and non-resident rupee accounts by 25 basis points from ...

state-owned idbi ltd today signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with the small industries development bank of india (sidbi) ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) and small industries development bank of india (sidbi) today signed a memorandum of ...

with just three days to go for submitting expressions of interest for the government s 8 per cent stake in maruti udyog ltd, the ...

vijaya bank has said it has implemented the core banking solutions (cbs) in 307 branches across the country and will try to touch ...

though debt returns are nothing to write home, traditional small saving schemes still offer attractive options for the ...

hdfc chubb general insurance is foraying into specialised liability insurance business with a product for mid-sized companies. ...

the joint venture company, bajaj allianz life insurance company limited is going to offer cashless treatment to its customers ...

vijaya bank, on friday, said it has implemented the core banking solutions (cbs) in 307 branches across the country and will try ...

indian overseas bank aims to introduce no-frills account in 60 per cent of its 1,500 branches in rural areas. addressing a ...

banks in west bengal disbursed rs 3871 crore under state annual credit plan for 2005-06 during the first six months of the ...

the peerless general finance investment company (pgfic), one of the largest non banking finance company in india, is ...

the sharp reduction in transaction charges for using atms on the rbi-sponsored national financial switch (nfs) is being reviewed ...

the chandigarh zone of the central bank of india (which includes punjab, haryana, jammu kashmir, himachal pradesh, and ...

ing vysya life is planning to tap markets of madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh to clock a premium income of rs 14 crore next year. ...

indian insurance companies are expected to spend rs 1,800 crore in deploying information technology (it) tools compared with ...

soon after the government issued guidelines to introduce no frills accounts for poor sections of the society who were not able ...

bajaj auto on thursday announced a strategic national tie-up with the union bank of india to offer loans for its two-wheeler ...

insurance regulatory and development authority has rejected the insurers demand for relaxation of guidelines for corporate agent ...

taib bank, a west asian financial institution, is directing its focus on the real estate sector in india. the firm, which has ...

the andhra pradesh state financial corporation (apsfc) has signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with andhra bank and state ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has proposed that banks planning to enter the primary dealership (pd) business need to have ...

several banks have launched no-frills accounts in the recent weeks in response to the reserve bank of india s call of social ...

union bank of india plans to raise rs 500 crore through a follow-on public issue of equity shares before the the end of february ...

the shrinking interest rate gap between the us and india has resulted in foreign institutional investors (fiis) investments in ...

union bank of india is planning to come up with a follow-on public offer of 4.5 crore shares to raise rs 500 crore. the ...

the government and the reserve bank of india today said the short-term interest rates were not under pressure and the recent ...

ing vysya bank has developed a scientific rating tool to assess credit worthiness of companies in the small and medium ...

the mutual fund industry is unhappy with the insurance regulatory and development authority s (irda) new norms for unit linked ...

the reserve bank of india-sponsored national financial switch (nfs), a common platform to ensure inter-connectivity of atm ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) for the third consecutive day today injected a large amount of liquidity into the banking system, ...

standard chartered bank increased the fixed interest rate on home loans by 50 basis points to 11.5 per cent from 11 per cent, ...

in earlier days a policyholder would never appear to be concerned about where his premium gets invested. life insurance ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) today sold $5.107 billion to state bank of india (sbi) for the redemption of india millenium deposits ...

on the eve of the redemption of india millennium deposits (imds) of $7.3 billion by nris, finance minister p chidambaram today ...

existing corporate agent licences that come up for renewal will now be able to use the services of professionals not having ...

icici bank today sold 4.80 per cent stake in federal bank for slightly over rs 51 crore. according to data available from the ...

ing vysya life insurance plans to augment its capital base to meet the growing requirements of its life insurance business. after ...

taib bank has emerged as the largest lead foreign investor in the $153 million leverage india fund anchored by il fs ...

state bank of india chairman a k purwar today said the bank would benefit from india millennium deposit (imd) redemption in ...

with the liquidity crunch continuing for the second consecutive day, the reserve bank of india today pumped in more than rs ...

the reserve bank of india is focusing on research and analysis of the productivity trends in india on a continuous basis, y v ...

icici bank today sold 31,50,000 shares of federal bank in a price band of rs 170-176 per share.according to data on the ...

now you can buy an insurance policy covering your home, vehicle or a journey, sitting in the cosy confines of your home, at the ...

banks seem to have hit pay dirt in spiralling gold prices. with the yellow metal prices climbing unprecedented heights, banks ...

rating agency care today downgraded the rating for united western bank s rs 114.70 crore tier-ii subordinate bond issues from ...

india-dedicated funds have been top draw among asian emerging market funds in 2005. according to massachusetts-based emerging ...

bank of rajasthan has raised rs 70 crore through unsecured subordinated bonds to shore up its capital adequacy ratio (car) and ...

banks are raising certificate of deposits (cds) to meet their credit requirement amid a cash crunch situation. a few banks have ...

the reserve bank of india today announced a revised banking ombudsman scheme. the new scheme will include customer complaints on ...

union bank of india has hiked the interest rates on domestic term deposits by 25-75 basis points across different maturity ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has injected back into the system nearly rs 20,700 crore through unwinding of market ...

centurion bank of punjab is looking for acquisitions to increaseits presence in the domestic market. acquisition is ...

basking in the uninterrupted glory of 14,000 branches across the country, the state bank of india group is seeking to focus more ...

mangalore-based karnataka bank limited has introduced a new product - sb-sugama - in the backdrop of reserve bank of india s ...

the public sector banks have disbursed rs 6,744 crore during the first seven months of current fiscal 2005-06 as against the ...

the maharashtra government s stamp duty ruling on loan agreements has started pinching small and medium enterprises (smes) in the ...

abn amro bank has outsourced its entire automated teller machine (atm) operations in the country to atm services provider, ...

credit rating agency fitch ratings today announced the launch of issuer ratings in the country. fitch has become the first to ...

abm amro bank will outsource the operations of its existing network of 90 automated teller machines (atms) to electronic payments ...

canara bank will be investing rs 200 crore in bringing 1,000 of its total 2,520 branches across the country under the core ...

laser soft infosystems ltd has implemented its lightest core banking solution under the brand name panacea successfully in ...

life insurers want the government to provide differential tax treatment to long-term savings, now that the insurance regulator ...

citibank has launched a 5% cash back home loan scheme which offers borrowers an additional loan amounting to 5 per cent of the ...

the uti bank wants to ride high on the special economic zone (sez) bandwagon. it has joined hands with reliance industries ltd ...

new generation atm machines are knocking the doors of customers where cheques deposited through atms would be automatically ...

only indian bank, andhra bank, corporation bank promoting jewellery loansbanks cash in on every possible opportunity for ...

the south indian bank has inaugurated its core banking solutions (cbs) enabled branch at thriuvankulam near kochi. the bank is ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) is planning to forge an alliance with the four state-owned general insurance ...

state bank of india (sbi) will pay india millennium deposit (imd) holders from the proceeds of treasury bills maturing in the ...

the resources-starved state governments are latching on to every avenue for boosting revenues. recent reports talked about ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today issued today guidelines to insurers in respect of design of products ...

factoring services, a financial alternative to meet the post-sales working capital requirement of various industries, have not ...

abn amro will begin its retail equity broking operations in 24 locations within the next two months under its institutional ...

to consolidate its position and strengthen its branch network in northern india, uti bank today said it was planning to add 15 ...

the indian rupee ended weaker at 45.25 $ per dollar compared to its yesterday s close of 45.05 $.

to consolidate its position and strengthen its branch-network in northern india, r k bammi, senior vice president (northern zone) ...

idbi bank is poised to acquire a bank that has a network of 1,000-1,200 branches and a good overseas presence. idbi bank is in ...

impressive show by two state-run insurers - new india assurance and united india insurance - along with aggressive growth of ...

india s gross domestic savings (gds) rate is expected to increase to around 32 per cent in the next three-five years vis-a-vis ...

bank of baroda (bob) has no plans to increase lending rates now, despite an upward movement in interest rates and signs of ...

icici bank has earmarked nearly rs 1,200 crore of the proceeds from its recent public issue for its life insurance venture, icici ...

it s raining rewards on credit card holders, thanks to the ongoing festive season. banks are today cashing in on the fact that ...

net inflows of foreign institutional investors (fiis) crossed the $10-billion mark today.according to data released on ...

with the insurance products becoming more and more innovative, kotak life insurance and cnbc tv 18 have launched investor ...

bajaj allianz general insurance company limited, the leading private general insurance company is insuring the third test match ...

shriram life insurance, a joint venture between chennai-based shriram group and sanlam life insurance limited of south africa, is ...

ruling out acquisition of ailing financial institutions industrial finance corporation of india (ifci) and industrial investment ...

taking cognisance of securities exchange board of india s (sebi) reference to alleged irregularities in allocation of yes bank s ...

foreign exchange reserves moved up $845 million to $143.943 billion for the week ended december 9, 2005, according to the weekly ...

y v reddy, governor of reserve bank of india (rbi), today said redemption of the $7.3 billion india millennium deposit (imd) ...

the mangalore-based public sector bank, corporation bank, expects credit offtake to rise some 28 per cent this year. this is on ...

slight tightness in liquidity is taking its toll on the rs 35,000 crore of daily put and call loans given by banks to corporates. ...

with many families packing their bags and leaving to warmer places for the winter from this popular resort town of himachal ...

the rupee today rose to a three-week high at 45.7350 7450 a dollar against the previous close of 46.08 backed by a weak dollar in ...

the south indian bank (sib) will expand its network outside kerala, said v a joseph, chairman and chief executive officer. sib ...

bajaj allianz life insurance company today launched familygain insurance plan offering a fund option with investment norms ...

unit-linked insurance plans (ulips) have caught the fancy of investors in urban centres. these not only provided life cover, but ...

everyone says interest rates are rising. this is true even for deposit rates. so does that mean bank deposits could now be a ...

bankers beware now you could be pulled up for defamation if you hound customers for payment of dues and end up coughing up huge ...

embarking on a major global expansion, india s insurance monolith life insurance corporation (lic) of india will soon finalise ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is expected to stipulate that a portion of the collateral provided by a bank for its ...

central bank of india is planning to raise up to rs 500 crore through issue of subordinated bonds before march 2006 to increase ...

the redemption of $5.5 billion of india millennium deposits (imds) will result in an outflow of rs 33,000 crore from the banking ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has allowed private and foreign banks to treat their investments in inter-bank participatory ...

co-operative banks in punjab had provided agricultural loans worth rs 6,666.10 crore during the financial year 2004-05 and earned ...

a civil court today ordered standard chartered bank (stanchart) to pay exemplary damages of rs 2.5 lakh to vinay kumar sood who ...

life insurance corporation (lic) will finalise joint ventures (jvs) for saudi arabia, mauritius and nigeria soon, and is also ...

to reduce the turnaround time in retail banking, dena bank is planning to adopt hub and spoke model in ten major cities of india. ...

bank of india expects to redeploy 2,500 of its employees in marketing initiatives as the core banking solutions (cbs) will be ...

the government seems to be in no hurry to push through the public sector banks (psbs) request for capital infusion and financial ...

the export development canada (edc), canada s exim bank, is planning to finance up to $600 million of import by indian companies ...

reserve bank of india deputy governor rakesh mohan on monday said he did not see any liquidity crunch in the system and that the ...

rakesh mohan, deputy governor of reserve bank of india (rbi), today said he expects the average annual inflation to come down to ...

state bank of india (sbi) may end up paying a little less in rupee terms when the $5.5-billion five-year india millennium ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $921 million to $143.098 billion during the week ended december 2, 2005, according to the ...

the defunct madhavpura mercantile co-operative bank limited (mmcb) on friday conducted another round of auctions of properties ...

public sector canara bank, which is celebrating its centenary year, aims to achieve a 50 per cent jump in its home loan sanctions ...

hdfc will launch its global realty fund of rs 1,000 crore in the first quarter of 2006-07. the international fund will enable non ...

exempted provident fund (pf) trusts of corporates such as the tata group, hindustan lever and some infotech majors will breath ...

the visakhapatnam cooperative bank (vcb) is planning to introduce online banking facility. the bank, which has 10 branches in the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has decided to exempt state cooperative banks (scbs) and regional rural banks (rrbs) from having ...

dutch banking major abn amro bank has decided to foray into retail brokerage services by february. announcing the decision, the ...

introduction of the negotiated dealing system (nds) has rung the death knell for about 50 per cent of the debt brokerage houses ...

the mumbai-headquartered dena bank has identified agriculture sector as its growth engine and is in process of launching new ...

ing-vysya life insurance company today opened its branch in jalandhar and targeted doubling its turnover with 100 per cent ...

a wedding insurance cover for l n mittal you might wonder, but it is true indeed. the steel baron s daughter vanisha, in june ...

the tata group is teaming up with the country s largest commercial bank, state bank of india, to launch its credit card ...

corporate india raised $611.27 million through the external commercial borrowings (ecb) and foreign currency convertible bonds ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) in a draft guideline has said banks would require its prior approval for outsourcing services ...

the export and import bank (exim bank) of india has proposed three funds to upgrade the agro export infrastructure - especially ...

general insurers are looking to up the marketing pitch for directors officers (d o) liability cover as india inc ...

icici bank has priced the public issue of equity shares in the domesctic market at rs 525 per equity share.according to a ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) has set up a 12,000 square feet data centre in navi mumbai, to function as a ...

private bankers want to tap a new section of consumers sportspersons. while private banking for sportspersons is a $70-billion ...

abn-amrobank, together with the conservation action trust (cat), has started an environment education initiative for schools in ...

state-run bank of india (boi) today announced a 25-50 basis points (bps) hike in domestic rupee term deposit rates. the rates are ...

centurion bank of punjab s (cbop) proposed public issue, via which it aims to raise over rs 400 crore, is likely in early ...

united bank of india (ubi) has applied to the government of india for adjusting its accumulated losses against its capital ...

although debt markets continue to grapple over a likely liquidity squeeze near the month-end, amitabh mohanty, head of fixed ...

it was november 14 - the children s day. little saahil got an exotic gift from his parents on the occasion. no, not a computer, ...

finance minister p chidambaram today said the government is watching the rupee movement against the us dollar and is in constant ...

k c chakrabarty, chairman and managing director of indian bank, said that capital base restructuring is inevitable for the bank ...

the delhi high court has come down heavily on willful loan defaulters, who in the guise of borrowing money, siphon off funds to ...

the finance ministry has charted out a seven-point agenda for banks to get ready for the stringent basel-ii norms by march ...

export import bank of india (exim bank) and hyderabad-based basix, a livelihood promotion institution, have announced a tie-up ...

the vijayawada division of state bank of india, with 187 branches covering krishna, guntur and west godavari districts, has ...

manipal-based public sector bank syndicate bank aims to achieve rs 200 crore of turnover from its bancassurance business in ...

indian bank expects to sell about three lakh insurance policies and garner an income of rs 25 lakh from premium in the next six ...

it is a move which loan defaulters fear the most and which is being pushed aggressively by all india bank employees association ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has made know your customer (kyc) guidelines applicable to authorised money changers . the ...

a senior official of bharat overseas bank today said it was considering a merger with a small bank. banks such as federal bank ...

hyderabad-based weather risk management services is setting up a community health insurance fund. it is in talks with ...

icici prudential life insurance, for the first time since its inception in december 2000, has failed to record the highest ...

foreign exchange reserves declined $4 million to $142.177 billion for the week ended november 25, according to the weekly ...

the spot rupee dropped to 46.21 per dollar in noon deals as against the morning level of 46.11 per dollar, and the previous close ...

sg private banking, the french private banking major with euro 57.5 billion of client assets under management, has launched its ...

bank of india (boi) today hinted at an increase in short-term lending rates for corporates, soon after the redemption of $5.5 ...

central bank of india is drawing up plans to reduce its gross non-performing assets (npas) to 1 per cent from the current 8.4 per ...

the hyderabad-based andhra bank has filed for its follow-on public offer for 8.5 crore new equity shares to raise nearly rs 800 ...

icici bank wants foreign direct investment (fdi) in insurance to be raised to the promised 49 per cent so that it can free up a ...

co-operative banks in uttaranchal would extend loans to farmers for buying tractors and power tillers at a nominal interest rate ...

the increased credit flow to the farm sector seems to be multiplying the woes of bankers in the face of poor recovery rate. ...

centurion bank of punjab (cbp) today decided to raise rs 800 crore of capital through a combination of preferential allotment and ...

public sector insurers are now eyeing the aviation sector as a new line of business following the emergence of low-cost carriers ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest bank, today launched its rs 1,000 crore subordinated bond issue to shore up its ...

iffco-tokio general insurance co has launched a marine liability insurance product called sagar bandhu bima . the new policy ...

expressing concern over the talent migration due to attractive pay packages being offered by foreign and retail banking ...

national insurance company ltd (nic) recorded 93.41 per cent growth in profit before tax at rs 141.21 crore in 2004-05 as ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) kicked off its second liquidity adjustment facility (slaf) today to better manage temporary money ...

bank of baroda is planning to invest $7-8 million in its proposed subsidiary in trinidad and tobago as part of its global ...

maharashtra co-operation minister patangrao kadam has said ten out of 35 urban cooperative banks in vidarbha were in the red and ...

in a bid to undertake general insurance business as a corporate agent the karnataka vikasa grameena bank (kvgb) has signed a ...

come january 2006, indians working abroad will be able to take advantage of an insurance product that will cover their treatment ...

kochi-based peninsular capital market limited, an investment and financial services provider, is planning to expand its ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) is planning to start a separate subsidiary for health insurance products in joint ...

the board of directors of corporation bank, which met today, has recommended an interim dividend of 35% for ...

standard poor s ratings services on friday raised the long-term foreign and local currency issuer credit ratings for power ...

liquidity is returning to normalcy in the banking system on the back of the government spending and resumption of foreign ...

hsbc has forayed into the business of providing advisory services on succession planning for businessmen, as part of its private ...

global corporate and investment banking major, calyon bank has injected additional capital of $100 million in its indian ...

icici bank will focus on international operations, at the same time, emphasising on rural banking and retail financing in india ...

two new schemes aimed at women members of self-help groups and self-employed technicians ab surya shakti scheme and ab power ...

after investing $150 million this year, hsbc is willing to step upinvestments in india as it expects the economy to sustain ...

yes bank will foray into retail banking in the fourth quarter of the current fiscal by offering personal loans and advances ...

the sale of uti securities is expected to be finalised by december end. about 10-11 players have shown interest for buying uti ...

icici bank, the country s second largest bank, on thursday said it will give a 5 per cent discount to retail investors on the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it could initiate cross-border co-ordination for supervision of financial ...

the net interest margin (nim) of scheduled commercial banks increased for the third year in succession in 2004-05 to 2.93 per ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has pointed out that the high growth in non-deposit resources of banks such as net owned funds ...

the financials and profitability of domestic banks are now comparable with global benchmarks, according to the reserve bank of ...

the financial health of urban cooperative banks (ucbs) turned worse in 2004-05 on the back of increased gross non-performing ...

icici bank s follow-up public issue of rs 5,000 crore is scheduled to open on december 01, 2005.as per a release issued ...

whenever you go in for a life insurance cover (except a moneyback policy) make it a point to avail of the personal accident cover ...

after tata steel and infosys, the mukesh ambani-controlled reliance industries ltd (ril) has been rated above the sovereign by ...

london-based financial services and real estate major dawnay, day is planning to offer islamic banking services in the country. ...

pitching for hike in fdi cap from 26 to 49 per cent, insurance regulator irda on wednesday said it will soon submit a report to ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is mulling a scheme or an insurance pool to cover automobiles that ...

bank of india (boi), one of the largest public sector banks in the country, is expanding its domestic and overseas operations, ...

with the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) having no objection, leading mutual funds including uti amc are now ...

new-age private bank yes bank will raise rs 200 crore in tier ii capital this fiscal including rs 100 crore from asian ...

abn amro bank, us-based grameen foundation and dutch funding agencies, cordaid and nowip, are joining hands to build ...

last year, the daily average surplus funds of the banking system was over rs 34,600 crore. the reserve bank of india (rbi) used ...

syndicate bank, the manipal-based public sector bank on monday said it will set up a subsidiary for providing business process ...

itz cash card, a multi-utility prepaid card from intrex india limited, will now be available at post offices across andhra ...

while the insurance regulatory and development authority of india (irda) has come out with a roadmap on detariffing, there is ...

the international liabilities and assets of banks in india increased during the quarter ended march 2005. the liabilities ...

internet and mobile phones are set to give banking a whole new face. internet banking (i-banking) and mobile banking (m-banking) ...

syndicate bank is planning to set up a subsidiary for providing business process outsourcing (bpo) services.according to ...

mangalore-based public sector corporation bank has increased the interest rate offered on nre term deposits with effect from ...

the cheque truncation process, which involves online transmission of credit instantaneously, would be introduced by april 2006, ...

bajaj allianz general insurance has tied up with worldcare, a player in the development and distribution of global e-health ...

interest rates will remain stable in the medium term, according to k v kamath, managing director and ceo, icici bank. inflation ...

after the recent round of promotions at rbi for the post of deputy governor and executive directors, the central bank is now busy ...

pune-based cash tech, a cash management solutions provider, is planning to sell its tc remit to banks and financial entities in ...

finance minister p chidambaram today said large public sector banks should look at acquiring smaller banks to kick off ...

the chandigarh-based nectar lifesciences (neclife) plans to raise about rs 230 crore ($50 million) through foreign currency ...

city union bank ltd (cub), in partnership with amp sanmar life insurance co ltd, has formed reliance life insurance to launch a ...

the murugappa group s deal with singapore s dbs to bring the latter as an equal partner into the group s non-banking financial ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has allowed restructuring of debt of wilful defaulters, other than those involved in frauds or ...

in 2004-05, 100 top firms accounted for 91 per cent of the corporate deposits with banks. of this 100 companies, 27 public sector ...

the finance ministry is set to approve a scheme for writing off indian bank s accumulated losses of rs 3,830 crore against its ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has allowed banks to pay higher interest on repatriable non-resident external (nre) rupee ...

uti amc today became a private company, as its four sponsors paid rs 1,236.95 crore to the government. uti amc will ...

india s foreign exchange (forex) reserves declined by $ 310 million for the week ended on 11 november.according to the ...

the board of directors of indiabulls financial services, which met today, has approved the proposed buy back of equity ...

one hundred and forty-eight employees of the beleagured nashik people s co-operative bank have opted for voluntary retirement ...

international finance corporation (ifc) will invest about $ 300 million in another 3-5 years in pharmaceutical, biotech and ...

the canara bank, established in mangalore in 1906 will celebrate founders day at the t m a pai international convention centre ...

global trade finance (gtf), the only provider of international and domestic factoring and forfaiting services under one roof, has ...

finally, there are indications of standalone health insurance companies establishing their presence in india by forking out a ...

in a press release issued today the puri-group controlled lord krishna bank (lkb) stated that the bank would float an initial ...

state bank of india (sbi) is planning to re-enter pakistan, where it had a presence before 1965. the bank is also looking at ...

the rs 375-crore andhra pradesh development bonds raised by the reserve bank of india (rbi) on behalf of the state government ...

following in the footsteps of information technology major infosys, india s second largest commercial bank icici bank will have a ...

the indian rupee ended slightly stronger at 45.75 76 per dollar compared to its previous close of 45.777 78. the rupee had ...

icici bank is planning to come out with rs 7,000 crore domestic and overseas issues, this calendar year to fund its growth plans, ...

banks will soon start offering no-frills savings accounts, and it s good news for customers who are either averse to or not ...

indian bank plans to pick up a stake in pnb principal insurance advisory, an insurance broking company promoted by four ...

dewan housing finance limited (dhfl) is in talks with investors, including multi-lateral agencies such as international finance ...

thrissur-based south indian bank plans to raise rs 150 crore through a follow-on public issue of equity shares to shore up its ...

thrissur based south indian bank (sib) has registered a net profit of rs 13.94 crore for the half year ended 30 september as ...

union bank of india has received approval from the government for its second public issue of equity shares. the mumbai-based bank ...

the chennai-based bharat overseas bank s (bhob) plan for an initial public offer (ipo) seems to have come a cropper with the ...

the indian rupee ended lower at 45.77 78 per dollar, off from the day s low of 45.8325. the rupee had closed at 45.7325 7425 on ...

international finance corporation (ifc),the world bank group s private sector funding arm, is in the process of lending $100 ...

swayam krishi sangam (sks) microfinance private limited, a leading microfinance institution from hyderabad, has been awarded the ...

bank stocks, led by hdfc bank, rose sharply on friday, as investors perceived the permission for fdi (foreign direct investment) ...

fringe benefit tax (fbt) has not had a negative impact on group insurance policies, said, r sridhar, managing director, life ...

the national bank for rural development (nabard) has indicated to lower the interest rate on future loans to the state government ...

state bank of india (sbi) has now set sights on acquiring medium- and large-sized banks overseas, after having bought three small ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is in talks with banks for setting up a company for managing currency chests, to ensure better ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will announce the nature of tier-iii capital instruments that commercial banks can raise in the ...

the food corporation of india (fci) has got the government s approval for raising rs 5,000 crore from the financial market by ...

international finance corporation (ifc) is all set to enter the microfinance market in india. the global lending body together ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today asked banks to make available basic n-frills banking accounts, as the current practices ...

smera, the credit rating agency for small and medium enterprises floated by small industries development bank of india (sidbi), ...

the central bank would be pushing commercial banks hard to supply data regarding credit details to the credit information bureau ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) is in advanced stage of talks with the centre to raise funds at ...

andhra bank has chalked out expansion plans in the eastern part of the country and proposed to open eight branches in west ...

the rupee is overvalued by 8 per cent on a trade-weighted five-country real effective exchange rate (reer) basis, despite ...

the small industries development bank of india (sidbi) plans to use information technology in a more effective manner in order to ...

gujarat s chief minister narendra modi has equated the problems of the co-operative banking sector in the state to the killer ...

caught in the controversy regarding favours from the south indian cooperative bank, gurudas kamat, mp and president, mumbai ...

the trend of migration of private sector bankers to foreign banks still continues with another indian banker moved to a foreign ...

punjab national bank (pnb) will shortly be converting its representative office in london into a subsidiary shortly, s c gupta, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) governor, y v reddy, today made a strong pitch for protecting customer rights and warned banks ...

international finance corporation (ifc) has kept in abeyance its proposal to raise rupee resources as the prevailing interest ...

two days after the government announced its decision to allow 49 per cent foreign direct investment (fdi) in asset reconstruction ...

foreign exchange reserves declined $1.156 billion to $142.618 billion for the week ended november 4, according to the weekly ...

y v reddy, governor of the reserve bank of india (rbi), said the central bank is planning to introduce a second liquidity ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor rakesh mohan on thursday said that liquidity was stable in the money market and ...

union bank of india is planning to announce its second ipo of 4.5 crore shares to cap its capital adequacy ratio. the bank has ...

icici bank, the second largest bank of the country, has raised five-year fixed rate senior unsecured notes, worth $500 million, ...

indian banks association (iba) has constituted two technical groups to look into the deregulation of administered rate in ...

uk-based standard chartered bank is exploring setting up of special purpose vehicles (spvs) in collaboration with other ...

ge india today announced setting up of a $145 million india development fund from the proceeds of the settlement of the dispute ...

terming the indian equity market as the most expensive among the emerging markets, dsp merrill lynch (dsp ml) downgraded its ...

making a case to levy user charges on consumers for infrastructure services, reserve bank of india s deputy governor rakesh mohan ...

the deposit insurance credit guarantee corporation (dicgc) will start settling the claims of the depositors of the ...

the registrar of cooperative societies has superseded the board of the buldhana district central cooperative bank board in the ...

karnataka bank limited has increased interest rates on fcnr (b) deposits for various maturities with effect from november 2, ...

city union bank reported a 35 per cent jump in net profits to rs 12.44 crore for the second quarter ended 30, 2005 compared to rs ...

government organisations and financial institutions registered a 36 per cent increase in mobilisation through debt bonds on ...

overseas players have set their eyes on the non-banking finance companies(nbfcs) to enter the indian market even as the reserve ...

after a fruitful association with yash raj films, export-import bank of india (exim bank) has now agreed to finance films made by ...

foreign banks with retail presence in the country are grappling with the issue of disposal of soiled and torn currency notes. the ...

competition has driven down premium for directors and officers liability insurance for domestic corporates listed in the us or ...

icici bank, which holds 29.58 per cent stake in asset reconstruction company of india (arcil), is expected to sell 10 per cent ...

continuing its banking sector reforms, the government today decided to permit foreign direct investment (fdi) up to 49% in asset ...

the us treasury secretary, john w snow, said on tuesday that india s infrastructure needs demanded that the indian authorities ...

indian bank has reported a 57.13 per cent jump in net profit to rs 242.14 crore for the half year ended september 30, 2005, ...

the international finance corporation (ifc), the world bank s investment arm for the private sector, is open to acquire icici ...

the rupee, which dropped to a low of 46.06 per dollar in early morning deals today, closed on a firm note at 45.79 per dollar on ...

leverage india fund, a private equity fund sponsored by il fs, punjab national bank and taib bank of bahrain, has raised $153 ...

the rupee today lost 37 paise against the dollar to close at 45.90 the indian unit s 13-month closing low as importers bought ...

a year after nagpur mahila sahakari bank ltd - though profit making - stopped public transactions on the instructions of the ...

canara bank, in association with six other nationalised banks, has announced the launch of a rs 55 crore venture capital fund, ...

foreign institutional investor, crown capital today acquired a 3.45 per cent stake in hdfc bank for rs 672.55 crore. it bought ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is likely to come up with separate norms for unit-linked insurance ...

the export-import (exim) bank of india today signed a memorandum of co-operation with multilateral investment guarantee agency ...

export-import (exim) bank of india is in the final stages of signing a formal agreement with bank of baroda (bob) for ...

icici bank has proposed to issue five-year fixed rate senior unsecured notes, worth $300 million, maturing in 2010. global credit ...

m venugopalan, chairman of the aluva-based federal bank today announced that the bank has withdrawn from the deal to take over ...

citigroup, the world s largest financial services group, has named sanjiv vohra as its country officer, and corporate and ...

finance minister p chidambaram is expected to meet the chairpersons and managing directors of the public sector banks on november ...

the rupee dropped to 45.92 per dollar today as against the last weekend close of 43.54 per dollar on buying by importers and the ...

state bank of india (sbi) has signed a share purchase agreement with the principal shareholders of pt bank indo monex, ...

canbank venture capital fund has teamed up with with five otherpublic sector banks and small industries development bank of ...

the board of directors of federal bank and lord krishna bank (lkb), which met today, decided to call off the on-going discussions ...

bank of baroda (bob) and industrial development bank of india (idbi) today announced an increase 20-30 basis points in interest ...

banks now eye greener pastures in tier-ii and tier-iii towns, which own assets amounting 65 per cent of the total wealth in the ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $678 million to $143.774 billion for the week ended october 28, 2005, according to the weekly ...

the spot rupee dropped to 45.54 per dollar today as against yesterday s close of 45.29 per dollar on buying by importers and ...

foreign banking major standard chartered bank has invested $120 million thus far this year in its indian operations, which is ...

the declining capital adequacy ratio (car) of the satara-based united western bank, which is planning a rs 43.04 crore rights ...

the announcement of the auction worth rs 8,000 crore failed to impact the government securities market. in fact, gilt prices ...

the rupee ended today at rs 45.2850 2950 per dollar, a shade lower from yesterday s close of rs 45.28 29. it had slipped to an ...

want to ensure that your insurance policy claims are settled without any hassles, then keep a check on the following key ...

standard chartered bank (stanchart) has tied up with oriental bank of commerce (obc) for providing agency trade services to ...

according to an occasional paper released by the reserve bank of india (rbi), move to increase collateralised borrowing will ...

the rupee slipped to a one-year closing low of 45.30 per dollar today on buying by importers and the dollar rally in ...

the union bank of india will come out with an initial public offering (ipo) of about 4.5 crore shares by january next year to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will take a final decision on bharat overseas bank s (bhob) initial public offering (ipo) of ...

commercial banks may not get any interest on their deposits kept with the reserve bank of india (rbi) in the form of cash reserve ...

punjab national bank has reported a 2.3 per cent increase in net profit to rs 422.04 crore during the second quarter of the ...

dena bank reported a 20 per cent rise in its net profit in july-september 2005 to rs 48.64 crore from rs 40.55 crore a year ...

bank of baroda reported a 21.45 per cent increase in net profit at rs 259.07 crore for the second quarter ended september 30, ...

bank of india today reported a 166.81 per cent jump in its net profit to rs 132.18 crore in the second quarter ended september ...

the country s largest bank, state bank of india (sbi), is likely to lower its target for growth in overseas assets. the bank had ...

foreign exchange reserves declined $339 million to $143.096 billion for the week ended october 21 from $143.435 billion in the ...

bank of india today reported a 166.81% increase in net profit at rs 132.18 crore for the second quarter ended september 30, 2005 ...

bank of baroda today reported a 21.45% increase in net profit at rs 259.07 crore for the second quarter ended september 30, 2005 ...

karnataka bank posted a 33.6 per cent increase in the second quarter ended september 2005 to rs 41.8 crore, as against rs 31.2 ...

syndicate bank net profit rose 131 per cent for the second quarter ended september 2005 to rs 175 crore as against rs 75.5 crore ...

kotak mahindra bank today reported a 51 per cent jump in its net profit to rs 31.17 crore in july-september 2005 from rs 20.65 ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may allow foreign banks one-time special discretion to borrow funds from their respective parent ...

indusind bank may tie up with local banks in dubai, united kingdom, united states, south east asia to take advantage of its high ...

the state bank of india s (sbi) net profit in the second quarter ending september rose 12.34 per cent year-on-year to rs 1,215.36 ...

state bank of india (sbi) today reported a 29.58% increase in consolidated net profit at rs 1,590.75 crore for the quarter ended ...

kotak mahindra bank today reported a 156.49% rise in consolidated net profit at rs 83.36 crore for the second quarter ended ...

ing vysya bank recorded a net profit of rs 19.7 crore in the second quarter ended september 30, 2005 as against a net loss of rs ...

syndicate bank has registered 131.79% growth in net profit at rs 175.19 crore in the second quarter ended september 30, 2005 as ...

indusind bank posted a 46.54 per cent fall in net profit at rs 31.49 crore for the july-september quarter of 2005 as against rs ...

chennai-based indian overseas bank has posted a 25.36 per cent rise in net profit at rs 198.49 crore in the second quarter ended ...

the reserve bank of india has decided to fund the operations of the codes and standards board of india (csbi) for the first five ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) move to allow banks to include investment fluctuation reserves (ifr) as part of their tier-i ...

indian overseas bank today reported a 25.36% increase in net profit at rs 198.49 crore for the second quarter ended september 30, ...

indusind bank today reported a 46.54% decline in net profit at rs 31.49 crore for the second quarter ended september 30, 2005 as ...

jammu kashmir bank has registered a net profit of rs 54.97 crore in the second quarter ended september 30, 2005 as against ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) posted a 20.49 per cent rise in net profit of rs 298.98 crore for the quarter ...

the central board of trustees of the employees provident fund is likely to meet before the winter session of parliament to ...

banking stocks were in demand, after the reserve bank of india (rbi) announced no change in the banking rates in the credit ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi), in its mid-term review of the monetary policy for 2005-06, today kept the bank rate unchanged at ...

monetary measuresbank rate kept unchanged at 6.0 per cent.reverse repo rate increased by 25 ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) today reported a 20.49% growth in net profit at rs 298.98 crore for the second ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today hiked its gross domestic product (gdp) growth projection to 7-7.5% from the earlier ...

vijaya bank reported a 5.04 per cent rise in net profit at rs 75.05 crore for the quarter ended september 30, 2005, as compared ...

union bank of india reported a 71.09 per cent decrease in net profit at rs 61 crore for the second quarter this fiscal as ...

canara bank has registered a net profit of rs 306.51 crore for the second quarter of fy06, down 22.75 per cent from rs 396.79 ...

andhra bank reported a net profit of rs 132.89 crore for the quarter ended september 30, 2005, registering a growth of 21.55 per ...

the south indian bank expects to pare its net non performing assets (npas) to below three per cent during the current fiscal from ...

the reserve bank of india is likely to introduce multiple sessions of liquidity adjustment facilities (laf) for better liquidity ...

the commercial sector s demand for bank credit continued to remain strong, reflecting a strengthening of industrial recovery and ...

bankers expect the reserve bank of india (rbi) to announce its intention of deregulating interest rate on savings deposits to ...

the rupee eased today on concern that foreign funds may be losing interest in falling local stocks as data showed they remained ...

union bank of india today reported a 70.99% decline in net profit at rs 61.10 crore for the second quarter ended september ...

vijaya bank has recorded a growth of 5.06% in net profit at rs 75.05 crore for the second quarter ended september 30, 2005 as ...

canara bank has recorded a 22.75% decline in net profit at rs 306.51 crore for the second quarter ended september 30, 2005 as ...

corporation bank today reported a 285.54% increase in net profit at rs 105.60 crore for the second quarter ended september 30, ...

banks continued to finance strong commercial credit demand by reducing credit to government during the first half of 2005-06. ...

the securities and exchange board of india executive director r k nair on saturday said the reserve bank of india s policies on ...

finance minister p chidambaram s remark on friday that inflation is not on an upswing could make the reserve bank of india ...

the delhi high court has issued notice to the centre on a petition filed by icici bank seeking quashing of the debt recovery ...

union finance minister p chidambaram has said that a totally revised ombudsman plan for banks would come into force within the ...

aviva life insurance india (alii), in partnership with basix, a micro finance institution, is targeting to bring one million ...

finance minister p chidambaram today tried to soothe market sentiments, saying the rupee remained strong and foreign ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) on friday reported a 23 per cent decline in net profit to rs 165 crore during july-september ...

the us-based citigroup is going to acquire a 4 per cent stake in sme rating agency of india (smera). it is the second foreign ...

the life insurance corporation of india has reported a 62.84 per cent rise in its first premium income (fpi) to rs 6,051.18 crore ...

a framework providing multiple capital raising options for banks, including tier iii capital, is likely to be detailed by the ...

the asset reconstruction company of india (arcil) is planning to team up with foreign banks to participate at the auction of ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $82 million to $143.435 billion for the week ended october 14, 2005 when compared with ...

the executive committee of the central board (eccb) of state bank of india (sbi), which met yesterday, approved a proposal to ...

the small and medium enterprises rating agency (smera), which was launched here a month ago, is holding talks with other banks ...

with a view to bringing down non-performing assets (npas), andhra bank, visakhapatnam zone, is planning to organise special ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) has posted a net profit of rs 131.84 crore for the second quarter ended september ...

andhra bank is planning to step up lending on farm produce stored in godowns and other storage facilities by farmers in the state ...

the reserve bank of india has slapped a rs 5 lakh fine on state bank of indore for flouting know your customer (kyc) norms ...

foreign banks have petitioned the reserve bank of india (rbi) to keep their expansion to tier-ii and tier-iii towns outside the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to allow short-selling in government securities in its review of 2005-06 annual ...

state bank of india (sbi) and crisil have signed an agreement to provide ratings to small scale industries ...

if you thought you could take a personal loan only from a bank, think again. you could avail of a loan facility from as many as ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) on tuesday launched a new policy jeevan plus . the unit linked whole life policy ...

canara bank has selected red hat enterprise linux as the platform to automate more than 1,000 branches across the country. this ...

united bank of india (ubi) has set a target to register a 300 per cent growth in export-import lending through the moc that ubi ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi), in its second quarterly review of 2005-06 monetary policy on october 25, is likely to announce ...

ncr, technology solutions provider, has won a contract from the reserve bank of india (rbi) for supplying clearing house ...

the reserve bank of india today reined in a falling rupee by seeking the details of dollar-buying positions of commercial banks ...

british financial major barclays bank is set to terminate a 6 million (about rs 50 crore) annual outsourcing contract with tata ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has directed all commercial banks to submit data for unhedged corporate exposure in the foreign ...

prime minister manmohan singh today asked the finance ministry to direct the national bank for agriculture and rural development ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) has seen a 60 per cent appreciation in the market value of its equity portfolio to over ...

the reserve bank of india proposes to implement know your customer norms for the money changers in the foreign exchange ...

the joint regulatory committee chaired by the reserve bank of india (rbi) has directed all the major systematically important ...

the independent commission on alternative banking and financial policy, set up by the all india bank officers confederation ...

the south-central zone of life insurance corporation of india (lic) has launched a new insurance plan jeevan plus replacing ...

the rupee, which slipped to a low of 45.23 per dollar in intra-day deals, closed at 45.16 per dollar as against the last close of ...

oppenheimer international small company fund has acquired an additional 3,15,000 shares, aggregating to 0.25% of the share ...

if you are a person who enjoys working on the laptop - from home or elsewhere - and loves to get things done with a mouse click, ...

the foreign exchange dealers association (fedai) has issued instructions to all banks that the recovery of bank charges should ...

the second-largest private sector bank, hdfc bank, today reported its net profit in the second quarter ended september 30, 2005 ...

federal bank today reported a 1597 per cent jump in net profit to rs 54.16 crore for the quarter ended september 30, 2005 ...

allahabad bank reported 1.67 per cent rise in net profit of rs 168.34 crore for the quarter ended september 30, 2005 compared ...

allahabad bank will hold a meeting with potential partners for its non-life insurance foray today. this was in accordance with ...

the consumerism wave has now engulfed rurals banks in the country. following the footsteps of commercial banks, even regional ...

hdfc bank today reported a 31% increase in net profit at rs 199.64 crore for the quarter ended september 30, 2005 when compared ...

leverage india fund, a sebi-registered venture capital fund managed by il fs investment managers, has achieved ...

allahabad bank has recorded an increase of 1.67% in net profit at rs 168.34 crore for the second quarter ended september 30, 2005 ...

federal bank today reported a 15-fold increase in net profit at rs 54.16 crore for the second quarter ended september 30, 2005 as ...

the government has decided to widen the scope of india infrastructure finance company ltd (iifcl), the rs 10,000-crore special ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $294 million to $143.353 billion for the week ended october 7, 2005, according to the weekly ...

citigroup ceo charles prince today said asia will be the fastest growing market for the us banking major in 2006 compared with ...

uti bank today reported a 135.85% increase in net profit at rs 109.01 crore for the quarter ended september 30, 2005 when ...

new york life investment management holding (nylim) has picked up 24.6 per cent stake in the delhi-based jacob ballas capital ...

three officials of the madhya pradesh s top cooperative bank, apex bank, were indicted for housing loan scam, according to a ...

the auction of apple finance s 10-storeyed office complex at the bandra-kurla complex in mumbai has again evoked a poor ...

the maharashtra government has directed all commercial banks to pay stamp duty on deals in government securities and corporate ...

idbi bank expects to garner about rs 600 crore this year from its property exhibition homes 2005, which will be held in seven ...

china is a more attractive destination for foreign investors, but return on assets in india has been much higher, germany-based ...

with india emerging as a major market for global conglomerates, citigroup group ceo charles o prince on thursday began his ...

icici bank s net profit in july-september 2005 rose 31.31 per cent to rs 580.05 crore from rs 442.08 crore a year earlier, driven ...

indian foreign currency convertible bond (fccb) issues now increasingly have a clause for reset of conversion price. reset clause ...

icici bank today reported a 31.21% increase in net profit at rs 580.05 crore for the second quarter ended september 30, 2005 as ...

the regulatory norm to maintain at least 75 per cent of assets in india is likely to restrict bank of baroda s (bob) overseas ...

dena bank plans to roll out a core banking platform across its 1,100 branch network in next the two years. it has roped in ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked the state and district central cooperative banks (scbs and dscbs) to disclose ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has directed non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) to conduct due diligence process while ...

the bangalore-based public sector canara bank has exceeded the target set by the reserve bank of india (rbi) in extending loans ...

technology is changing the face of the retail banking in the country. branches, the quintessential hub, today account for just ...

close on the heels of the meeting of monetary authority of singapore with the reserve bank of india, united overseas bank (uob) ...

corporate india may face stiffer challenges in improving its credit quality in the short to medium term, according to crisil s ...

in the wake of stiff competition from foreign and private insurance companies in the country, the modified service conditions for ...

banks tier-i capital adequacy will increase by 2 to 5 percentage points with the inclusion of investment fluctuation reserve ...

the rupee tumbled 0.85 per cent to 44.76 a dollar today, its largest single-day loss in 10 months. with this, the indian currency ...

indian bank may pick up a stake in the national collateral management services(ncms), an organisation promoted by ncdex, a ...

janakalyan sahakari bank, a mumbai-based cooperative bank, saw its deposits base erode by over rs 150 crore last week, as it ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) expects premiums for motor own damage, fire and engineering insurance ...

the institute for development and research in banking technology (idrbt), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the reserve bank of india ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) has budgeted rs 200 crore for integrating its information technology platform with ...

yes bank has registered a 26.79 per cent hike in its net profit in july-september. the net profit for the quarter was rs 14.25 ...

yes bank today reported a net profit of rs 14.25 crore in the quarter ended september 30, 2005 when compared with a loss of rs ...

p c gairola, executive director of bank of india (boi), today said interest rates could move up between 25-75 basis points in the ...

indiabulls financial services today reported a net profit of rs 59.93 crores for the second quarter ended september 30, 2005. ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has rejected the applications of hdfc bank and indusind bank for setting up non-banking finance ...

the entire board of the ailing nagpur nagarik mahila sahakari bank has been booked by the city police under charges of cheating ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $42 million to $143.059 billion for the week ended september 30, 2005, according to the ...

the interest rates may rise by 50 basis points by the end of fy06, said icici bank deputy managing director kalpana morparia on ...

the country s largest bank, state bank of india (sbi), expects its loan book to grow by a whopping 40 per cent year on year ...

state bank of india (sbi) today announced its second overseas acquisition. it bought a 76 per cent stake in kenya-based ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor y v reddy today asked companies to voluntarily start making disclosures on their risk ...

state bank of india (sbi) has signed a share purchase agreement with the principal shareholders of kenya-based giro commercial ...

the city-based janakalyan sahakari bank ltd, which faced a run on its deposits following reports about its weak financial health, ...

karnataka vikas grameena bank (kvgb) formed recently with the amalgamation of four regional rural banks (rrbs) sponsored by ...

karnataka bank limited has effected upward revision of interest rates on its non resident (external) rupee deposit (nre) scheme ...

visakhapatnam cooperative bank (vcb), which has the highest share capital of rs 13.32 crore among all the cooperative urban banks ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) is planning to list its business process outsourcing arm, intelenet, by 2007-08, ...

indian banking regulators need to remove the regulatory arbitrage between banks, non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) and other ...

icici bank expects the assets under management under its private banking portfolio to double to rs 50,000 crore in the next six ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi), for the first time, today rejected bids at the auction of the 11.38 per cent 2014 paper, which ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has tightened the norms for selection of central statutory auditors for the public sector banks ...

icici bank is planning to double its assets under management in the specialised private banking service to rs 50,000 crore in the ...

private sector icici bank is planning yet another equity issue after the rs 3,050 crore public offer in april 2004. public sector ...

the boards of federal bank and lord krishna bank (lkb) today in-principle cleared the merger of lkb with federal bank. the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is considering allowing banks to raise capital through hybrid instruments to help them meet ...

competitive pressures and faster pace of processing credit decisions have forced banks to compromise on their credit risk ...

foreign institutional investors (fiis) today sold treasury bills worth rs 400 crore following a bearish outlook in the government ...

the reserve bank of india is concerned about volatility in the rupee s exchange rate, rbi deputy governor rakesh mohan said on ...

the board of directors of icici bank will meet on october 13, 2005 to consider the results of the first half of the current ...

the national housing bank (nhb) has raised the risk weightage requirement for housing finance companies to 75 per cent from the ...

apple finance ltd s 10-storeyed office complex in mumbai has been put on sale again for recovery of five banks dues, including ...

the property spread over 3 acres of land worth over rs 75 crore today in chennai s anna salai, headquarters of one of the largest ...

the corporation bank s aggregate business has crossed rs 50,000 crore mark during the present fiscal year announced v k chopra, ...

euronet services india private limited (esil), a subsidiary of nasdaq-listed euronet worldwide, is expanding its network and also ...

after exiting from the finance business following restructuring, nucent finance ltd of the pressman group is foraying into real ...

domestic banks lending at below cost to top companies intensified in the second quarter of 2005-06, said r ravimohan, managing ...

general insurers want the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) to also free motor insurance tariffs from january ...

the spot rupee losing 31 paise against the dollar in two trading sessions in the week had led to a panic among foreign banks ...

state bank of india (sbi) signed an agreement with dabur india to finance farmers for producing medicinal and aromatic crops in ...

the andhra pradesh paper mills (appm) limited has informed that international finance corporation, on september 21, 2005, has ...

icici bank today raised interest rates on deposits by non-resident indians by 13 to 52 basis points (bps). the increase in ...

the rupee lost 22 paise on monday by closing almost at a month s low of 44.12 14 to a dollar against last week s close of 43. 92 ...

the delhi high court has ruled that banks do not have the right to act as arbitrators in case of internal disputes with their ...

the majority of the banking industry expects interest rates to rise by 0.5-1.0 per cent, and it is almost the entire industry s ...

housing development finance corporation ltd (hdfc), the market leader in individual housing loan segment in andhra pradesh, is ...

at a time when west bengal is projecting itself as an investment-friendly destination, state bank of india (sbi) has adopted a ...

india s trade deficit widened three-fold to $15.80 billion in the first quarter of 2005-06 from $5.17 billion a year earlier on a ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today proposed to link computation of priority sector lending obligations to the total ...

the country s total external debt has come down by 1.1 per cent in the second quarter ended june 2005 to $ 122.14 billion against ...

the nationwide bank strike called by organisation under united forum of bank unions paralysed banking transactions including ...

countrywide financial corporation of usa, which has been scouting for a suitable place to establish ites operations in india, has ...

the government today cleared the long-awaited sale of uti asset management company to three state-owned banks and lic at rs 1,237 ...

the net profits of banks in the second quarter of 2005-06 are estimated to range between a decline of 71 per cent and a growth of ...

co-branded and multi-branded credit cards have become hotties for banks, but similar ventures with travel companies have not ...

india inc is sitting on a huge unhedged foreign currency exposure. senior bankers said indian corporates have over rs 47,500 ...

state bank of india has seen over 30 per cent growth in advances on the back of continuing strong growth in the economy, and is ...

come 2007, general insurance industry will see a big changeover. pricing, the range of cover, the level and degree of ...

the mumbai-based shamrao vithal cooperative (svc) bank is in talks to acquire a cooperative bank in bangalore and another one in ...

hyderabad-based ap mahesh cooperative urban bank limited has declared a dividend of 15 per cent to its shareholders for the ...

small industries development bank of india (sidbi) is looking at acting as a linkage between commercial banks., the states and ...

kotak mahindra bank today announced its plans for a domestic or overseas issue of 15 million equity shares. at kotak bank s ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today lowered the cut-off price at the 91-day treasury bills auction to rs 98.65 from rs 98.72 ...

the rural sector is fast changing and accounts for 52 per cent of the country s economy. yet this sector, which provides ...

rating agency standard poor s (s p) today raised the rating for 18 asian banks on the expectation of respective ...

life insurance corporation (lic) booked trading profit of over rs 2,000 crore till september 15 this financial year, while it ...

buoyant on the sales of its enterprise intelligence platform (eip) to icici bank, business intelligence (bi) software major sas ...

the cauvery grameena bank (cgb) employees here have decided to join the one-day nation-wide strike on september 29. they have ...

the heat of competition for deposits has made a dent in state-owned dena bank s resources mobilisation. and the blame falls on ...

the state bank of india s government business may take a marginal hit in 2005-06, after the reserve bank of india changed the ...

the normally aggressive private and foreign banks have by choice remained passive in educational loans. the primary deterrent is ...

icici bank executive director nachiket mor today accused the banking regulator of being focused on the banking needs of the urban ...

commercial banks in west bengal have registered an eight per cent point increase in the state s credit-deposit ratio (cdr) to 57 ...

allahabad bank is eyeing rs 2,500 crore rural credit by the end of third quarter of 2005-06 against last year s rs 2,025 crore. a ...

the state bank of india (sbi) today launched a slew of deposit schemes to attract india millennium deposit (imd) holders to ...

smart cards may not be the smartest of options for banks when it comes to credit or debit cards. while visa and mastercard are ...

the freeing of general insurance premium from the shackles of tariff would be music to the ears of business houses and households ...

insurers will be free to price their products on their own from 2007, with regulator irda unveiling a roadmap to de-tariff ...

state governments must reduce the incentives they offer on small savings, as interest rates are higher for small savings compared ...

syndicate bank has facilitated the merger of four of its regional rural banks (rrbs) into a new entity, karnataka vikas grameena ...

foreign currency reserves declined $1.055 billion to $144.222 billion for the week ended september 16, 2005, according to the ...

beginning 2007, general insurers will be free to set premiums and determine the terms and conditions of insurance contracts. this ...

small firms now have nowhere to go if they want to raise foreign currency loans locally. commercial banks have exhausted their ...

india s business community will do well to keep its diary clean for september 29, when the country s aviation, banking and ...

canara bank and syndicate bank are merging some of the regional rural banks under them to form two larger entities respectively. ...

idbi bank has drawn up plans to set up round-the-clock transaction kiosks for non-cash banking services. trial runs are on at the ...

in the mid 1990s when new private banks started setting up shops here, promoters of these banks had wooed many an executives from ...

the mumbai july 26 deluge has resulted in doubling the sale of householder s policies and has created huge awareness among people ...

icici prudential life insurance has taken the lead in the insurance industry by beginning to provide professional training to its ...

the delhi high court has absolved abn amro bank from charges of foreign exchange regulation act (fera) violations by importing ...

the sbi has set a target of rs 80 crore for personal segment loans in mysore. in the last two months, its eight branches here ...

bankers today unanimously agreed that absence of defined standards in wealth management has hampered the growth of the private ...

the sbi cards and the retail chain, lifestyle announced the launch of their co-branded card to target the frequent shoppers ...

life insurance corporation (lic) has found a new set of corporate agency partners shopping mall owners. the public sector life ...

the uk-based hsbc has identified potential for micro-finance lending in 11,000 privately-owned schools in hyderabad and chennai. ...

interest rate swap rates may post only modest gains in the coming weeks although hike in local interest rates seem certain after ...

standard poor s today raised its corporate credit rating on bharti tele-ventures to bb from bb on the telephony ...

the government is likely to keep its promise of issuing floating rate bonds in the second half of the year to march to help banks ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today proposed to link banks participation in government securities market to profitability, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) promoted national financial switch (nfs) has remained unsuccessful in its mission to become the ...

government bonds weakened and the rupee edged down following the 25 basis points increase in the us rates by the federal reserve, ...

sbi today announced plans to increase its credit card base to 2.6 million from the current 1.9 million by the next financial ...

tamilnad mercantile bank ltd has entered into a memorandum of understanding with prudential icici asset management company by ...

icici bank signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with eseva, an andhra pradesh government enterprise, to launch the ...

young ones queuing up at swanky atms to take out cash or using internet for banking are signs of growing influence of technology ...

britain-based dawnay day financial services ltd has finalised its plans to launch three private equity funds for channelising ...

in india, bank-financing for film-making still lags. it is over five years since bank funds started trickling down to the tinsel ...

the leading foreign banks are targeting the small enterprises thereby coming up with novel loan products. hsbc has introduced the ...

idbi bank is looking at acquiring an unlisted public sector bank. the four unlisted banks are central bank of india, indian bank, ...

karur-based lakshmi vilas bank (lvb) is in advanced stage of discussions with top technology companies for implementing a core ...

the bengal circle of the state bank of india (sbi) will turnaround its loss making branches by the end of the current financial ...

the new india ceo at standard chartered bank is betting big on the 50-million consuming class in india for its small-ticket ...

cortal consors, an arm of bnp paribas, is planning to foray into the wealth management services market in india, targetting the ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has allowed life insurance corporation (lic) another two years to meet ...

life insurance corporation (lic) has identified australia, new zealand and egypt for expanding its overseas operations, armed ...

jindal south west holdings has received the certificate of registration from the reserve bank of india (rbi) as a non-banking ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has assured all efforts to beef up the urban co-operative banks (ucbs). y v reddy, governor, rbi ...

srei infrastructure finance ltd, the first indian nbfc listed in london stock exchange, is gearing up to become first company ...

foreign exchange reserves declined $278 million to $145.277 billion for the week ended september 9, 2005 when compared with the ...

the pension fund regulatory and development authority (pfrda) might consider insurance cover for pension funds in line with the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked banks to fix staff accountability for delays in reporting fraud cases to the banking ...

the euro will have the maximum weight in the reserve bank of india s (rbi) proposed real effective exchange rate (reer) index, ...

uti bank has taken up a credit card initiative which would be on offer by next month, according to the bank s president (projects ...

indusind bank signed a memorandum of understanding with lic today to offer group insurance of rs 3 lakh to all its nri account ...

according to offshoring in the financial services industry risks and rewards , a survey conducted by pricewaterhousecoopers ...

the life insurance corporation (lic) of india will compete for the rs 37,000-crore corpus under india millennium deposit (imd), ...

nainital bank is planning its initial public offering (ipo) in 2006-07 to raise its networth to rs 300 crore from rs 105 crore to ...

the institute for development and research in banking technology (idbrt) has slashed the atm transaction charges for national ...

prudential icici asset management company (amc) ltd is planning to launch a product targeted at companies operating in the ...

bank of india (boi) has targeted to achieve more than 194 per cent growth in its net profit in the current financial year as ...

bankers today asked the reserve bank of india (rbi) to formulate a uniform definition of medium enterprises and standardise ...

driven by demand from power, telecommunications and roads and ports sectors, infrastructure saw the highest bank credit flow ...

private insurance companies are not willing to settle the mumbai flood claims without a surveyor s report. this is even as the ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) has turned down uti-i s offer to buy its stake in larsen toubro (l t) and ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) has identified 70 properties which could be developed or sold on a commercial ...

non-banking finance companies (nbfc) and a few co-operative banks are under regulators scanner to ascertain whether they were ...

the reserve bank of india turned a net buyer of dollars in july, the first time this fiscal. the rbi bought $2.473 billion that ...

the debt market is flooded with subordinated debt issues by commercial banks worth rs 4,100 crore. this is to support the growth ...

over rs 1,000 crore in currency notes have gone down the drain, literally, thanks to the mumbai floods on june 26. the notes, ...

the top executives of hdfc bank continue to put in their papers. the latest to do so is s ramakrishnan, vice-president and head, ...

consortium banking that had faded away with the demise of financial institutions is back with a bang in the domestic loan ...

the gems and jewellery sector, which is one of the best performing industry in the sme category is going through a rough patch ...

the institute of chartered accountants of india (icai) is planning to approach the reserve bank of india and the government for ...

union bank of india will be merging three regional rural banks (rrbs) in uttar pradesh into one unit, to be called kashi gomti ...

the recent bond issue by indian oil corporation (ioc) for mobilising rs 1,000 crore has been oversubscribed by over 2.5 times to ...

hongkong and shanghai banking corporation (hsbc) seems to have turned a blind eye to the reserve bank of india s (rbi) draft ...

k v kamath, managing director and ceo, icici bank, today said domestic banks need to take special care to imbibe the best ...

icici lombard settled 90 per cent of insurance claims, amounting to a net payout of rs 15 crore, related to mumbai flood damages, ...

general insurance corporation of india declared a 1 1 bonus on equity capital. it also announced a 15 per cent bonus, which ...

the guntur cooperative urban bank limited, with eight branches five in city and the remaining at ponnur, chilakaluripet and ...

dena bank has decided to churn its retail loans portfolio to continue taking up fresh business as its capital adequacy ratio ...

buoyed by the success of the abn amro deal, top-tier indian it companies now hope to win a sizeable pie of the outsourcing ...

state-run oil marketing companies are likely to get 7% oil companies government of india special 2012 bonds this week, a top ...

jp morgan chase, global financial services firm with assets of $1.1 trillion, has picked up a 1.2 lakh square feet of office ...

the peerless general finance investment company is set to embark on the business of distribution of different kinds of ...

iffco tokio general insurance (itgi) has targeted a premium income of rs 700 crore for the current year 2005-06. the company ...

insurance costs will not rise, and india will not face any impact on account of the high magnitude of insurance losses across the ...

retail loans business of banks is booming, and keeping pace with it is the cumbersome paperwork related to collection of equated ...

india s largest non-life insurance company, the new india assurance company, has changed its operational strategy - moving away ...

come march next, consumers shall have their local cheques cleared in a day. the rbi proposes to enable this by getting banks to ...

taking cues from the finance minister p chidambaram s call to lead the consolidation process in the banking sector, bank of india ...

life insurance corporation (lic) indore divisional office has set a target to sell 3.6 lakh policies this financial year and ...

come march next year, consumers should be able to get their local cheques cleared in a day. the reserve bank of india proposes to ...

the bse sensex scaling the magical 8,000-mark has turned banks cautious as far as increasing their exposure to the capital market ...

the uk-based hongkong and shanghai banking corporation (hsbc) has signed an agreement with us-based global payments inc to form a ...

idbi has doubled its film financing exposure limit as it is getting a huge demand from corporatised film makers for formal ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will henceforth take into account banks policies on minimum balance requirements, pricing of ...

the oil bonds to be issued next week by the centre to the oil companies are likely to have a tenure of seven years and will carry ...

the demerged entities of the reliance group - reliance industries led by mukesh ambani and anil dhirubhai ambani enterprises ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) has sold 623,188 shares representing 3.04 per cent of the share capital of ...

the eastern zone (ez) of life insurance corporation of india (lic) has slipped to the second position among the zones within lic ...

world s largest insurance market lloyd s today evinced interest to enter india s booming insurance and reinsurance sectors for ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) will soon offer folio numbers to its policyholders. folio numbers are specially made ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) prescription for transaction-based charges for handling the government business will result in ...

yes bank and bank of rajasthan (bor) are the latest among private sector banks to walk the subsidiary path. yes bank is setting ...

sundaram mutual fund, a fully-owned subsidiary of sundaram finance, has raised over rs 600 crore through its recently launched ...

global insurance leader lloyd s today said it is eager to enter the indian insurance and reinsurance sectors, and asked the ...

at last customers can have their say in banking. the reserve bank of india formed the tarapore committee on procedure and ...

as part of its plan to establish global footprint, life corporation of india of india (lic) is looking at the prospect of making ...

standard chartered bank expects its indian operations to grow 20 per cent this year and plans to increase its focus on small and ...

the state bank of india (sbi) is gearing up for roadshows with four new products to woo investors of its india millennium ...

as part of its strategy to increase income from non-core businesses, indian overseas bank (iob) is likely to float a capital ...

life insurance corporation (lic), by way of its overseas expansion, expects to have a presence in new zealand to cater to ...

private sector yes bank on tuesday announced an alliance with netherlands-based alterra to introduce the knowledge institution s ...

the centre expects foreign remittances to go up to rs 96,000 crore at the end of this year from non-resident indians (nris) ...

banks are knocking at the regulator s door for permission to offer discretionary portfolio management services (dpms) as part of ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) is embarking on a number of customer relationship management initiatives to retain its ...

andhra bank today decided to go for a public issue to meet its capital requirements. the board of directors of the bank, at its ...

andhra bank has signed a memorandum of understanding with the small industries development bank of india (sidbi) to co-finance ...

the state bank of india (sbi) staff association (bengal circle) and the state bank of india s officer association (west bengal) ...

lic housing and finance ltd, has initiated a drive for increasing its presence in uttar pradesh and uttaranchal. in last fiscal, ...

the dharwad division of life insurance corporation of india (lic) has covered 158 villages in the last three years under bima ...

global insurance major allianz wants to hike its stake from 26 to 49 per cent in the indian venture bajaj allianz general ...

banks with chronic non-performing assets (npas) of small and medium enterprises (smes) with outstanding balance of rs 10 crore, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may allow banks to issue credit cards to individuals with surrogate income. the draft guidelines ...

very few private banks are likely to emulate icici bank s example of offering life-time free credit cards. of the total 13 ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is taking a close look at door-step banking. the apex bank may put some checks and balances for ...

what do jamnagar, hazira, dahej, ennore and paradeep have in common these are the five new investment hotspots for top bankers. ...

the finance ministry may issue government guaranteed marketable bonds under the borrowing programme to meet the burgeoning oil ...

state bank of india (sbi) has hiked its medium term notes (mtn) programme from the earlier announced $1 billion to $2 billion. ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) is targeting to sell one crore bima gold policies by march 31, 2006. the plan has the ...

bank of india today announced plans to raise rs 750 crore for augmenting its tier-ii capital by way of private placement of ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $623 million to $143.841 billion for the week ended august 26 when compared with $143.218 ...

citigroup india, which made its first venture lending in the country by sanctioning $1.5 million to a chennai-based bpo last ...

the statutory audit of the special undertaking of the unit trust of india ( suuti), referred to as uti-i, for 2003-04 has been ...

life insurance corporation (lic) plans to extend the group insurance cover to another 15,000 techies of infosys, increasing the ...

nashik people s co-operative bank is likely to merge with the thane janata co-operative bank. the thane janata co-op bank board ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) has announced a special bonus for its policyholders to mark its 50th anniversary. the ...

icici bank has suspended its three middle level officials from the treasury division dealing in forex, and two from the back ...

the union bank of india is aiming at a 21 per cent credit growth for this financial year, higher than the reserve bank of india s ...

life insurance corporation (lic) has decided to increase its equity exposure from the existing 8% to 10% of assets, and is likely ...

icici bank hiked the interest rates on non-resident external fixed deposits and dollar denominated foreign currency non-resident ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) south zone, will have four satellite offices of the 29 satellite offices being rolled ...

the recent categorisation of idbi as an other public sector bank has created discontent among the staff of its commercial ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has modified the structure of fees paid for government business to banks. this will have an ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has directed all commercial banks, especially members of the new delhi clearing house, to take ...

the spot rupee opened at 44.09 per dollar, and dropped to a low 44.12 before recovering to close at 44.03 per dollar ...

the asian development bank (adb) today offered to double its assistance to india to $3 billion annually and expressed its ...

the state bank of india (sbi) has doubled its agricultural loan target for nashik district to rs 50 crore this fiscal. it has ...

ge countrywide, which has been rebranded under the new global umbrella brand as ge money, expects to treble its assets to rs ...

bnp paribas has posted a net profit of rs 14.76 crore for the year ended march 2005 as compared to a net loss of rs 13.07 crore ...

small and medium enterprises (smes) will now be able to raise finance at cheaper interest rates with crisil launching its rating ...

there is a flip side to the technological developments in banking. real time gross settlement (rtgs), that was ushered in few ...

credit rating agency crisil is exploring possibilities to set up national level rating agencies in the emerging markets of ...

in a first among its ilk, the state-owned canara bank has offered to help china recover its huge non-performing assets (npa) in ...

kolkata-based srei infrastructure finance limited, that is into infrastructure equipment financing, is looking at financing all ...

finance minister p chidambaram today stressed on consolidation in the banking sector. he said the government will consider ...

citibank today sought a level-playing field with local banks in india as it sees no alternative to physical presence to be ...

the mangalore-based karnataka bank limited has joined the atm network of 13 more banks in addition to the existing sharing ...

the government s plan to sell uti mutual fund has hit a roadblock as the state bank of india (sbi) is not willing to pay the ...

uco bank is investing rs 250 crore in computerisation of all its 36 branches in andhra pradesh. the move is part of the bank s ...

state bank of india (sbi) is acquiring two mid-sized banks in asia and africa. the due diligence is expected to be completed in 8 ...

icici bank is eyeing fee business besides retail to boost its topline, chanda kochhar, executive director, said. over and above ...

the reserve bank of india ( rbi) may allocate special discretionary limit of exposure to the state bank of india (sbi) for its ...

foreign banks want to roll over their funds parked in the india millennium deposits (imd) floated by the state bank of india. ...

thanks to the corporatisation of healthcare, opening up of the insurance sector and affordable packages offered by luxury ...

the state bank of india is considering launching an india-dedicated offshore fund as one of the options to retain the india ...

the spot rupee, which dropped to a low of 44.15 per dollar in morning deals, was traded around 44.03 per dollar. the rupee had ...

mangalore-based karnataka bank ltd, will add 15 more branches to its existing 385 chain of branches by the end of current fiscal. ...

it major tata consultancy services (tcs) has completed implementation of a core banking solution (cbs) in over 4,000 branches in ...

mangalore-based leading private sector bank karnataka bank ltd has announced an upward revision of domestic term deposit rates ...

spandana, a micro finance organisation, has come out with a programme to give rs 50 crore loans without collateral to landless ...

stressed assets stabilisation fund (sasf) is in a hurry to settle the rs 9,000 crore of bad assets it had acquired from the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has warned that restraining pass-through of international oil prices into domestic prices will ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has said the continued upswing in credit demand for housing and real estate has necessitated a ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has called for a comprehensive public policy on risk management in agriculture to make the sector ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will monitor the nature, scope and cost of services rendered by commercial banks to check if ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has earned more income from foreign sources, while income from domestic sources declined during ...

the rupee closed lower at rs 43.89 against friday s close at rs 43.69 per one dollar. the rupee continued to head downward due to ...

the small industries development bank of india (sidbi) is associating itself with public sector commercial banks to create ...

chiefs of public sector banks (psbs) on saturday put the onus of consolidation on the government, soon after finance minister p ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) has raised $500 million through zero coupon foreign currency convertible bonds ...

it is worthwhile on the part of commercial banks to implement basel ii norms even though the banks have to incur considerable ...

finance minister p chidambaram came down heavily on public sector banks for projecting stagnation or drop in deposit ...

rakesh mohan, deputy governor of reserve bank of india (rbi), today projected a moderate inflation of 5% this fiscal, but said ...

foreign exchange reserves declined $1.157 billion to $143.218 billion for the week ended august 19, 2005 when compared with ...

k cherian varghese, chairman and managing director of union bank of india (ubi), has been elected president of indian ...

the oriental insurance company has decided to make all claims by jewellers and diamond merchants time barred owing to a pile-up ...

insurance companies are up in arms against the insurance regulatory and development authority s (irda) move restricting auditing ...

indian overseas bank (iob) has postponed its plans to set up its financial services subsidiary during the current financial ...

administrators of ahmedbad based beleaguered madhavpura mercantile cooperative bank limited (mmcbl) have surprised depositors on ...

hdfc bank aims to increase the number of states where it lends to microfinance institutions. in addition, to the southern states ...

pension-based mutual funds may be barred from investing in foreign securities, pension fund regulatory and development authority ...

the domestic insurance industry s plan to form an earthquake pool, drawn up a year ago on the lines of terrorism pool, is still ...

oil companies borrowings in the current financial year have already increased by a whopping 100 per cent-plus from rs 30,000 in ...

indian banks have discovered a new product to generate higher returns on their loan portfolio but not without higher risk. ...

the united kingdom has sought that british banks present in india be given the same benefits as those given by india to ...

ing vysya bank has transferred its entire equity stake of 14.87% in ing vysya life insurance company to gujarat ambuja ...

in its yearly review meet, the state level bankers committee (slbc) of karnataka has fixed the agriculture credit target at rs ...

with superannuation funds coming under the ambit of fringe benefit tax (fbt), all may not be lost for life insurers as they are ...

unperturbed by the gilt auction announced on tuesday, money market dealers said the move by the reserve bank of india (rbi) is ...

even as indian market has not yet fully discounted the story of rupee appreciation, the overseas derivatives market in ...

oil companies are devising new strategies to borrow more from the banking system following an increased demand for credit to pay ...

thrissur-based south indian bank ltd mopped up rs 65 crore by way of tier ii bonds for augmenting additional capital for business ...

the state bank of india (sbi) visakhapatnam zone, which controls 197 branches in four coastal districts from srikakulam to east ...

much like their global counterparts, indian banks are well behind schedule for the implementation of basel ii, according to a ...

barely six months after joining the unit-linked insurance product (ulip) bandwagon, insurance behemoth life insurance corporation ...

banks have been reducing their investment in non-statutory liquidity ratio (slr) portfolio and diverting funds to expand the ...

the board of directors of union bank of india, which met today, approved a proporal to raise more capital.according to a ...

aditya puri, managing director of hdfc bank, today ruled out the possibility of merger with hdfc or acquiring smaller banks in ...

the board of directors of federal bank approved a proposal to issue up to two crore shares of rs 10 each for its global ...

despite the phenomenal growth in plastic money culture and the total number of credit cards in use touching 15 million mark, only ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc), which had acquired global trust bank last year, has filed 30 first information reports (firs) ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc), bank of baroda (bob) and bank of maharashtra (bom) plan to form a banking joint venture (jv) in ...

foreign banks are raising interest rates on one-year deposits to tide over the funds squeeze caused by a sharp drop in deposits ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) has filed 30 firs against global trust bank (gtb) defaulters to recover rs 1,300 ...

life insurance corporation (lic) will flag off its 50th year celebrations next month with the launch of an affordable golden ...

oil prices and equity market movement will be crucial yield on the 10-year benchmark gilt will hover in the range of 7.03-7.08 ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $1.738 billion to $144.375 billion for the week ended august 12, 2005, according to the ...

the reserve bank of india has directed all banks engaged in hedging of oil for indian corporations in the international market to ...

uco bank may raise rs 150 crore tier ii capital by september, 2005 while planning to infuse tier i capital to meet the basel ii ...

bank of baroda s (bob) credit cards subsidiary has decided to go the whole hog in the fiercely competitive plastic money market. ...

united india insurance (uii) and national insurance co (nic), two among the four state-owned general insurers, have decided to ...

foreign banks in india trailed the revitalised indian banks in 2004-05. the growth in credit as well as deposits of foreign banks ...

ifsl, a non-banking finance company, is planning to raise $100 million through the issue of american depository receipts ...

dena bank has set a rs 550 crore target for agri loans to be provided to farmers for the current fiscal year 2005-06, of which rs ...

andhra bank is aiming for rs 100 crore deposits during the ab deposit utsav. the one-month long deposit utsav began here on ...

convergence of financial products and a move towards risk-based capital in the banking sector are motivating the insurance ...

competition for deposits is seen intensifying. in an attempt to garner greater share of savings, more banks are expected to ...

infrastructure development finance company (idfc) reported an increase of 113 per cent in profits after tax (pat) at rs 108 crore ...

general insurers will be missing the extended deadline of august 31 to settle 100 per cent of the claims arising out of the ...

power finance corporation (pfc) has put its proposals to enter the banking and insurance sectors on the backburner. it is, ...

the spot rupee opened at 43.56 per dollar, and moved up to 43.54 per dollar before closing lower at 43.57 per dollar today. the ...

the bellwether microfinance fund, which aims to commercialise micro finance and open up access of funds for micro finance ...

national insurance company (nic) is expected to stay in the black despite the mumbai floods, which saw the company receive 3,000 ...

if you thought sumitomo mitsui banking corporation shutting shop in india signalled a slowdown in japanese banking activity in ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) yesterday, auctioned two papers-7.37 per cent 2014 and 7.50 per cent 2034 at cut off yield of ...

the spot rupee closed on a steady note at 43.5 per dollar today.easing of oil prices perked up sentiment in the ...

sate bank of india (sbi) has entered into a partnership with ashok leyland to offer loans at soft terms for the entire range of ...

in a move that will make board representation on nationalised banks more in tune with the government s shareholding, the centre ...

life insurance industry grew by 21 per cent with lic and 13 private players mopping up rs 4,437 crore in the first three lean ...

the united progressive alliance (upa) government on tuesday introduced the banking companies (acquisition and transfer of ...

the stressed asset stabilisation fund (sasf) is harvesting profits from the legacy non-performing assets (npas) of industrial ...

neeraj swaroop on tuesday took over as chief executive officer of standard chartered bank, india region. he succeeds christopher ...

state bank of india (sbi) will foray into international bond trading through its foreign offices. the bank proposes to do this by ...

standard chartered bank is targeting 25,000 customers in kolkata for its manhattan credit card, by this december. viraj tyagi, ...

the spot rupee opened at 43.55 per dollar, and closed the day at 43.53 per dollar as against the last weekend close of 43.54 per ...

in a bid to reform the debt market that trades securities worth over rs 20,00,000 crore annually, the centre is likely to grant ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $2.037 billion to $142.637 billion during the week ended august 5, 2005, according to the ...

the government on friday said there was no proposal to amend the banking regulations act to make foreign banks keep more than 20 ...

india has made a positive dent in aviva s asian balance sheet. the indian joint venture (jv), a 26 74 partnership between aviva ...

icici bank is focusing on rural credit for its second phase of expansion after covering the retail space in some detail. the bank ...

intense competition for funds is putting pressure on players to raise their deposit rates. housing development finance ...

the spot rupee, which opened at 43.57 per dollar, closed on a firm note at 43.54 per dollar due to selling by banks. the rupee ...

indian overseas bank (iob) expects to sell about rs 600 crore of mutual fund products with its mutual fund partners during the ...

chief minister of tamil nadu j jayalalithaa has requested the banks in the state to provide at least rs 1,000 crore additionally ...

icici bank, the largest new generation bank, has zeroed in on kolkata for setting up a knowledge processing hub for the entire ...

unlike the latin american countries where the disbursal ratio is more proportionate in the microfinance sector, in india more ...

bank of india (boi) plans to open five new foreign offices and raise rs 500 crore tier-ii capital to improve its capital adequacy ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has filed a criminal complaint against the board of south indian co-operative bank. this is the ...

a price war among international banks, seeking to increase their exposure to indian corporates, has led to a drop in costs of ...

all savings, including mutual fund schemes, fixed deposits, and small savings schemes, could come under the proposed taxation ...

even as insurance companies are choking under a deluge of claims after the mumbai floods, hdfc chubb general insurance company ...

the spot rupee opened at 43.56 per dollar, but closed lower at 43.59 per dollar due to acute shortage of cash ...

existing sme portfolios would qualify for priority sector lending, and help many banks meet the stipulated targets, said hn ...

public sector banks are increasingly finding it difficult to make recoveries on loans extended to public sector undertakings ...

fringe benefit tax (fbt) is not the sole reason why insurance companies are losing out on the group insurance business. with the ...

the spot rupee, which opened at 43.56 per dollar and moved in a range of 43.53-43.57 per dollar, closed on a steady note at 43.56 ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) will encourage banks to set up a payment corporation to streamline the payment system.y v ...

public sector insurance companies have so far received more than 13,000 claims for over rs 1,400 crore from traders and small ...

in a bid to help the farmers purchase tractors at competitive price and to introduce new tractor companies to the farmers, the ...

the insurance industry in india has been growing at a rate, which according to c s rao, chairman of insurance ...

indian bank has reported a 15.6 per cent increase in net profit to rs 136.57 crore for the first quarter of 2005-06 compared with ...

private general insurance companies are not perturbed by the current situation wherein the state insurance firms have settled on ...

banks have submitted a draft to the indian banks association (iba) seeking clarification from the reserve bank of india (rbi) on ...

power finance corporation (pfc) has decided against pursuing a plan to enter the banking sector, a senior company official said ...

the spot rupee, which dropped to a low of 43.58 per dollar in intra-day deals, closed on a steady note at 43.55 per dollar ...

life insurance corporation (lic) is likely to come up with a co-branded card with corporation bank, which will offer ...

small industries development bank of india (sidbi) has disbursed collateral free loan amounting to rs 800 crore to about 4,000 ...

punjab national bank will merge its regional rural banks (rrbs) in uttar pradesh, punjab and haryana to create financially sound ...

the indian banking industry will see a spate of mergers and acquisitions, as many of them might face problems in raising ...

reserve bank of india rbi deputy governor on monday said delivery and governance issues were the focus of all policy actions ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked foreign banks to submit information on their non-banking finance (nbfc) arms. the rbi ...

the spot rupee slipped to 43.53 per dollar today as against the last weekend close of 43.48 per dollar.the government ...

what do towns like madhepura, better known to be lalu yadav s constituency rae bareli the gandhi family s constituency ...

kolkata based united bank of india (ubi) has registered a 30.8 per cent spurt in net profit to rs 63.50 crore in the first ...

domestic insurers have logged over 20,000 claims, as on date, on account of the recent floods in maharashtra. in value terms, the ...

state bank of travancore (sbt) has announced a sharp increase in the interest rates for fcnr, rfc and nre term deposits from ...

the small industries development bank of india (sidbi) will set up a credit rating agency for small and medium enterprises in ...

even while recognising the need for regulation of the growing microfinancing sector, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has adopted ...

the state bank of india (sbi) is contemplating raising tier-ii capital between rs 2,000 crore and rs 3,000 crore after the q2 ...

united bank of india (ubi) today reported a 30.8% increase in net profit at rs. 63.5 crore for the first quarter ended june 30, ...

foreign exchange reserves zoomed $3.062 billion to $140.60 billion for the week ended july 29, 2005 when compared with the ...

are signboards fixed above atm centres advertisements , involving permission from the municipal authorities and payment of cess ...

allianz bajaj has moved up by one notch to the third slot replacing hdfc standard life in terms of market share of insurance ...

bank of india (boi) on friday signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with nabard consultancy services (nabcons) for appraisal ...

all the branches of the state bank of mysore will be brought under the core banking solution by the end of this financial year, y ...

the draft vision document of the reserve bank of india (rbi) that provides direction to the it initiatives of the financial ...

consolidation in the banking sector has led to a monopolistic competition framework, similar to developed countries and other ...

after dethroning citibank as the number one card issuer in india in january 2005, icici bank has now moved to take an unbeatable ...

higher credit growth during the current financial year has led to a decline in capital adequacy ratio (car) of most public sector ...

the reserve bank of india has specified that three singapore banks development bank of singapore (dbs), overseas chinese ...

the spot rupee, which opened at 43.51 per dollar, gained further to close at 43.49 per dollar on steady inflows. the rupee had ...

banks face a major challenge in terms of introducing innovative customer-friendly products and services and newer technologies to ...

the estimated rs 2,000 crore loss to insurers on account of the floods that ravaged mumbai last week will not affect the premiums ...

fear of a health hazard has prompted the finance ministry to direct state run insurance companies to settle shopkeepers and ...

public sector banks have reduced their gross non-performing assets (npas) by a whopping rs 4,068 crore during the quarter ended ...

the spot rupee opened at 43.44 per dollar, but closed lower at 43.53 per dollar on buying by psu banks. the rupee had closed at ...

the bank of england on thursday cut its main interest rate by 25 basis points to 4.5% in response to the sharp slowdown in the uk ...

important documents stored in several safe deposit vaults of bank were submerged in flood waters following last week s heavy ...

the national bank for rural and agricultural development (nabard) has sought rs 14,000 crore from the government to provide ...

lending to real estate sector by two leading foreign banks in india more than doubled in 2004-05. real estate is one of the three ...

profitability of domestic banks fell for the first time in three-and-a-half years. the aggregate data of 38 public sector and ...

domestic banks will have to provide separate capital exclusively for market risks under a proposed new capital structure tier ...

the spot rupee opened at 43.53 per dollar, but gained during the day to close at 43.45 per dollar as against the previous close ...

allahabad bank, in a bid to emphasis its relation with farmers and boost agricultural credit, has embarked on an exercise to ...

the floods that rocked the financial capital over the last one week hit the banking sector as well. bank branches were not only ...

liquidity-the source of great concern till recently-has bounced back with renewed vigour in the bond markets this week. following ...

most retail banks in india take pride in saying they are savvy-both when it comes to using technology and sensing retail customer ...

the central government has directed insurance companies in maharashtra to settle well over 20,000 claims in a week. private ...

the spot rupee dropped to 43.54 per dollar as against the monday close of 43.42 per dollar on importer demand and buying by psu ...

icici bank edged past foreign banking majors citibank and standard chartered bank to emerge as the best retail bank in india, ...

a year ago maratha mandir cooperative bank went bust. the fall began with a run on deposits at one of its branches caused by ...

the centre has urged power finance corporation (pfc) to look into the possibility of foraying into insurance for the power ...

the reserve bank of india has directed the bank of rajasthan to offload only five per cent of its stake to a strategic partner ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today further liberalised the guidelines for non-government organisations (ngos) raising external ...

stand-alone health insurance companies may soon start their operations in india. at least two domestic entities have evinced ...

the deal may have been struck yesterday, but the price could change depending upon how soon the shares of amp sanmar life ...

the reserve bank of india today launched the anonymous screen-based order matching (o m) system for trading in the government ...

the rupee today rallied smartly against the dollar on the back of strong bunched up week-end dollar supplies amid a retreating ...

the asian development bank (adb) is expected to take an equity of not less than 26 per cent in the newly-incorporated ...

thousands of vehicles which lined up the submerged lanes of mumbai on tuesday are packing the service centres. these include top ...

industrial units have suffered heavy loses on account of torrential rains on tuesday. reliance has put in a claim of over rs 50 ...

liquidityexternal factors hold keythe banking system will have enough liquidity this week. the government ...

dena bank reported a net loss of rs 189.30 crore for the quarter ended june 30, 2005 as against a net profit of rs 36.72 crore in ...

icici bank today posted a 23% increase in net profit at rs 530.01 crore for the first quarter ended june 30, 2005 as against rs ...

foreign exchange reserves declined $23 million to $137.538 billion for the week ended july 22, 2005, according to the weekly ...

reliance capital is one of several bidders for amp sanmar life insurance company. the joint venture partners, amp and sanmar ...

indian overseas bank (iob) recorded a net profit of rs 183.19 crore in the first quarter of 2005-06, higher by 4.92 per cent ...

the rupee closed at 43.47 per dollar, down from 43.46 per dollar on tuesday. it had touched a low of 43.52 in the morning as oil ...

state bank of india (sbi) has recorded an increase of 15.54 per cent in net profit at rs 1,222.83 crore for the first quarter ...

state bank of india (sbi) posted a 15% growth in net profit at rs 1,222.83 crore for the first quarter ended june 30, 2005 as ...

uti mutual fund (uti mf) today entered in a strategic tie-up with punjab and sind bank for distribution of its schemes.as ...

punjab national bank (pnb) has posted a 11% increase in net profit at rs 358.16 crore for the quarter ended june 30, 2005 as ...

ing vysya bank has posted a net profit of rs 9.15 crore for the first quarter ended june 30, 2005 as against to a net loss of rs ...

reserve bank of india governor y v reddy s discussions with the four wise men in the run up the quarterly review of ...

health insurance continues to remain a poor cousin of life insurance. though it is gradually reaching out to the urban customer, ...

the net profit of state bank of mysore fell 11.9 per cent from rs 53.02 crore in q1 fy 05 to rs 41.71 crore for q1 fy06. the ...

indian overseas bank (iob) is to open a representative office in guangzhou, china, in the second week of august 2005. the office ...

the increasing number of complaints against the credit card companies has led the reserve bank of india (rbi) to take stringent ...

andhra bank has reported a 43% slump in net profit at rs 85.16 crore for the first quarter ended june 30, 2005 as compared to rs ...

syndicate bank today reported a 30% increase in net profit at rs 163.11 crore for the quarter ended june 30, 2005 as against rs ...

the cash transactions tax, introduced in the budget this year, is hurting the pensioners of uttar pradesh. the banks are ...

state bank of travancore (sbt) has recorded an operating profit of rs 147.42 crore and a net profit of rs 47.61 crore during the ...

led by the growth in securities broking business and premium income from life insurance business, kotak mahindra bank announced a ...

bank of maharashtra (bom) is planning to increase stake in global trade finance (gtf), its joint venture with ifc, washington, ...

in order to boost the foreign currency denominated deposits, the reserve bank of india today expanded the basket of currencies ...

stance of monetary policy continues to be as set out in annual policy statement in april 2005. bank rate, reverse repo rate and ...

with the regulator raising the risk weightage for lending to real estate developers, industry watchers hope that there will be ...

days after finance minister p chidambaram cautioned against the irrational exuberance in the stock market, the reserve bank of ...

expressing concern over credit quality in housing and real estate, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today increased risk weights ...

bank credit during the current fiscal up to july 8, 2005 increased 6.6% to rs 72,792 crore as against an increase of 5% (rs ...

prices of government securities rallied sharply after the rbi left key rates unchanged in the first quarterly review of the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today left all the key interest rates unchanged in the first quarterly review of the monetary ...

kotak mahindra bank today reported a 51% increase in consolidated net profit at rs 46.47 crore for the quarter ended june 30, ...

union bank of india posted a 14 per cent rise in net profit to rs 240.39 crore for the first quarter ended june 2005, against rs ...

state bank of india (sbi) has decided to pick a 9.8 per stake invest in ratnagiri gas and power private, while icici bank along ...

state bank of india (sbi) has initiated a due-diligence on four mid-sized banks overseas and would enter into negotiations for ...

export-import bank (exim bank) has for the first time acquired an equity stake in a domestic company. it has bought a 3 per cent ...

india s gross domestic product (gdp) is likely grow by 6-7.2 per cent in the current financial year ending march 2006 on strong ...

banks have to reorient their resources (hr, branch network etc) to brace the new challenges of competition and the regulatory ...

the spot rupee opened at 43.48 per dollar, but buying by psu banks saw it decline to 43.55 per dollar at close today. the ...

state bank of india (sbi) is evaluating four banks abroad for acquisition to expand its foreign operations in a bid to become one ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today released a document macroeconomic and monetary developments first quarter review 2005-06 ...

vijaya bank today reported a 72% decline in net profit at rs 27.56 crore for the first quarter ended june 30, 2005 as against rs ...

union bank of india has posted a 14% increase in net profit to rs 240.39 crore for the first quarter ended june 30, 2005 as ...

an increasing number of bond dealers is betting on a possible reverse repo rate hike by the reserve bank of india (rbi) in its ...

liquidityrate concerns keyliquidity will be comfortable. the crucial factor will be the reserve bank of india s ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $662 million to $137.561 billion for the week ended july 15, 2005 when compared with $136.899 ...

canara bank today reported a 44.45% decline in net profit at rs 186.90 crore for the first quarter ended june 30, 2005 as against ...

sbi life insurance plans to launch a guaranteed returns product for garnering about rs 8,000 crore of the india millennium ...

dsp merrill lynch (dspml) has made a foray into fund-based activities through its newly formed non-banking financial company ...

the spot rupee opened at 43.15 per dollar, but closed sharply lower at 43.50 per dollar amidst heavy central bank ...

the spot rupee opened higher at 43.13 15 per dollar, but the rally was cut short by indirect intervention by the rbi. ...

hongkong and shanghai banking corporation (hsbc) has launched an unsecured loan product for small businesses, by the name ...

with the success of its agricultural consultancy services (acs), canara bank plans to strengthen it by conducting training ...

there is increasing investor appetite for convertible bonds, with a pool of about $25 billion of dedicated convertible bond funds ...

the spot rupee opened at 43.52 per dollar, but firmed up to close at 43.20 per dollar after the 2% yuan revulation. the ...

china ended its decade-old currency peg to the dollar, and said it will let the yuan fluctuate versus a basket of ...

corporation bank today reported a 17% increase in net profit at rs 123.52 crore for the quarter ended june 30, 2005 as against rs ...

andhra bank is planning to start its operations in dubai soon. the bank recently received approval from the reserve bank of india ...

the most productive insurance agents could well come from the kotak mahindra stable following the setting up of club 51 by the ...

possible systematic risks in the financial sector has forced the three regulators, the reserve bank of india (rbi), the ...

the spot rupee opened at 43.54 per dollar, and closed a tad higher at 43.53 per dollar today.the mood was bearish in the ...

the government is in favour of maintaining uniformity in pay structures of all of its nominees. all government nominees, ...

the technical advisory panel on monetary policy of the reserve bank of india (rbi) today discussed the macroeconomic developments ...

uti bank has raised rs 500 crore by issuing unsecured, subordinated, redeemable non-convertible debentures of rs 10 lakh ...

the union ministry of textile and life insurance corporation of india (lic) have jointly introduced the janashri and additional ...

the uk-based eura audit international, a network of more than 150 independent accountancy firms, has kicked off its indian ...

munimjee, a finance and accounting business process outsourcing (bpo) services is planning rs 10 crore investment in one year for ...

allahabad bank has set in motion the formation of the allahabad bank rural development trust (abrdt) to monitor the bank s rural ...

federal bank will be finalising the process of postal ballot soon for getting the shareholders consent for raising its capital ...

the life insurance corporation has no proposal for extending fresh loans to the power sector of up and the up state transport ...

an agent transformed into a chief executive officer (ceo), gary r bennett, the new head at max new york life insurance company, ...

yet another foreign bank has exited new car financing business. after hsbc and standard chartered, abn amro bank is the latest ...

the reserve bank of india may decide to wait for a while and not disturb the macro economic scenario by effecting a reverse repo ...

the spot rupee, which dropped to a low of 43.57 per dollar in intra-day deals, closed on a steady note at 43.55 per dollar ...

the board of directors of bank of india (boi), at its meeting held on june 30, 2005, has approved an investment not exceeding rs ...

bharat overseas bank is planning to tap the capital market in october with an initial public offering (ipo) to fund expansion ...

shriram life insurance company, the recently-formed joint venture between the city-based shriram group and the south africa-based ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) is planning to come out with an initial public offer (ipo) by december 2005 to meet the ...

the finance ministry has given the go-ahead to bank of baroda (bob) to tap the capital market in september for funding its ...

bank of india (boi) has decided to increase financing to the agriculture sector for various operations besides expanding it s ...

bank loans will now be rated in india. this new rating, today launched by rating agency, crisil, is expected to serve the ...

in the wake of many family-owned businesses running into trouble as in the case of reliance, bajaj, the birlas, and a host of ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has put detariffing of motor insurance on the backburner. at a time ...

the battle for the control haldia petrochemicals ltd (hpl) between co-promoters the chatterjee group (tcg), the government of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today cleared the auction of the 10.25 per cent 2021 paper at a cut-off yield of 7.80 per cent.

the spot rupee opened at 43.53 per dollar, and closed at a low of 43.55 per dollar following corporate demand.prices of ...

idbi capital market services today signed an agreement with india post for retailing government securities (g-secs).the ...

the orissa state cooperative bank (oscb) intends to revive its bancassurance business after meeting the rbi guideline on ...

mangalore-based karnataka bank introduced a funds transfer facility called money quick under the real time gross settlement ...

abu dhabi commercial bank s indian operations have reported a loss of rs 50.20 crore in 2004-05 against a net profit of rs 9.63 ...

industrial development bank of india s commercial banking unit aims to disburse rs 1,000 crore worth of personal loans this ...

the spot rupee is expected to hover in the range of 43.50-60 to a dollar during the week. foreign exchange dealers said, ...

the government securities market may witness buying demand before the auction . if the cut-off yield in the auction is ...

the primary market is not expecting any major issues as the growing uncertainty over underlying gilt rates have made issuers ...

call rates are expected to rule softer with liquidity set to improve this week. besides call rates, collateralised lending and ...

foreign exchange reserves declined $544 million to $136.899 billion for the week ended july 8, 2005, according to the weekly ...

ubs, one of the world s leading financial firms, has decided to establish its information technology and information technology- ...

the insurance regulatory development of authority (irda) has decided to crack the whip on corporate agents and has come out with ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) has posted a 20.8 per cent jump in net profit for the quarter ended june 30, 2005 ...

the net foreign exchange assets of the banking sector have declined by rs 14,595 crore to rs 6,34,660 crore this fiscal from ...

the spot rupee closed on a flat note at 43.5250 per dollar as against the last close of 43.53 per dollar. with rbi ...

allahabad bank today reported a 18% increase in net profit at rs 162.98 crore for the first quarter ended june 30, 2005 as ...

sbi life insurance company limited, visakhapatnam region, comprising the five districts of west and east godavari, visakhapatnam, ...

the government s restructuring proposal for punjab sind bank has run into trouble with the reserve bank of india refusing ...

the canada-based sun life financial, with funds under management in excess of $150 billion, proposes to invest in the indian ...

y v reddy, governor of reserve bank of india (rbi), today said global economic uncertainities had surpassed earlier estimates, ...

the rupee opened at 43.54 per dollar and closed weaker at 43.53 per dollar as against the last close of 43.51 per ...

uti bank today reported a 31% increase in net profit at rs 92.63 crore for the first quarter ended june 30, 2005 as against rs ...

yields of government securities have been firming up ahead of the first quarterly review of the monetary policy by the reserve ...

hdfc bank has registered a 31% increase in its net profit at rs 183.53 crore for the first quarter ended june 30, 2005 as ...

financial software and systems (fss), an e-payments solutions provider has partnered with oriental bank of commerce (obc) to ...

kolkata-based uco bank is planning to give a big push to small scale industry disbursement in the region. the bank has tied with ...

liquidity is gradually waning from the system and is also putting pressure on interest rates. the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

debt brokers are seeking a level playing field following the reserve bank of india s (rbi) initiative to launch an electronic ...

conglomerate supervision has taken off with the reserve bank of india (rbi) going through the books of major corporates, banks, ...

the spot rupee closed on a steady note at 43.51 per dollar.sentiment was bearish in the government securities market ...

kolkata-based computerised accounts training institute, the institute of computer accountants (ica) has tied up with the state ...

united bank of india has entered into talks with exim bank and national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) for ...

canara bank stood on top of the podium, followed by state bank of mysore for the direct linkage and vijaya bank won the prize for ...

yes bank scrip got listed at rs 65 per share, at a 44.4 per cent premium to the issue price rs 45, on the bombay stock exchange ...

sahara india financial corporation and peerless general finance and investment company have come under the close scrutiny of the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may start unwinding the market stabilisation scheme (mss) in the wake of continuing shortage in ...

non-banking finance arms of citigroup, standard chartered, rabo finance, dsp merrill lynch and kotak mahindra are queuing up to ...

the spot rupee opened at 43.51 per dollar, and closed at 43.54 per dollar as against the previous close of 43.57 per ...

yes bank has made a strong debut on the bse today. against its ipo price of rs 45, the stock got listed at rs 65 on the bse - a ...

the mangalore-based south kanara district central co-operative bank has bagged the special recognition award from the national ...

infrastructure development finance company (idfc) will seek a greater share of revenues from advisory services, its executive ...

wincor nixdorf international gmbh, the third largest atm manufacturer in the world, is mulling of setting up an assembling unit ...

dena bank is looking at raising rs 700 crore as tier-i and tier-ii capital for meeting the regulatory requirements of 12 per cent ...

after strengthening its hold worldwide, the punjab national bank is now trying to attract exporters, fixing its export target for ...

centurion bank announced a 251.4 per cent jump in net profit to rs 11.1 crore during the first quarter of the current fiscal as ...

the shortage of rupee liquidity has also affected the foreign exchange market which is seeing a rise in rates for one and two ...

industrial development bank of india ltd (idbi) has decided to launch a life insurance venture in collaboration with a foreign ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) will embark on an initial public offering (ipo) for its proposed joint venture ...

the government s proposal allowing housing finance companies (hfcs) and non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) to access overseas ...

the spot rupee opened at 43.58 per dollar, and closed at 43.57 per dollar today as against the last weekend close of 43.61 per ...

in a major move after becoming a universal banker from a development financial institution, idbi was in the process of floating ...

dena bank might require rs 700 crore as tier i and tier ii capital for meeting the regulatory requirements of 12% capital ...

the state government has roped in the union bank of switzerland (ubs) and franklin templeton for investing in the 20,000-acre ...

vizag-based kanakam-ahalakshmi cooperative bank limited is planning to open four more branches over the next three to four years ...

dealers have a mixed view on the trend for the spot rupee. while a section of the market feels the local currency is under ...

india has an edge over developed countries when it comes to terrorism insurance. the indian general insurance industry had set up ...

punjab national bank (pnb) is set to acquire management stake in a bangladesh-based bank, besides opening more branches ...

housing finance major housing development finance corporation (hdfc) is planning to raise $500 million through foreign currency ...

foreign exchange reserves declined $1.447 billion to $137.443 billion for the week ended july 1, 2005 when compared with the ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) plans to launch an international real estate fund to cater to the demand of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today announced setting up a six-member technical advisory committee on monetary policy, which ...

the rupee strengthened against the dollar a day after the london city blasts. government bond prices, however, dropped on rising ...

punjab national bank (pnb) would consider any proposal to take control of uti mutual fund, currently managed by uti asset ...

the spot rupee opened at 43.63, and closed a tad higher at 43.61 per dollar today.despite a moderate inflation ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today announced the setting up of a technical advisory committee on monetary policy.the ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) today paid a dividend of rs 38.4 crore for 2004-05 to the centre, which is its principal ...

the fourteen listed commercial banks in the western region have recorded a marginal 2.8 per cent decline in net profit in ...

the surat bankers clearing house s (sbch) decision to restart high value clearing from later in the month, has been welcomed by ...

the london blasts hit the indian foreign exchange market hard with the rupee sliding by one-fifth of a percentage point to the ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) has approached the reserve bank of india (rbi) to increase its exposure limit to the ...

the asian development bank project is giving final touches to a rs 300 crore horticulture project for himachal pradesh, according ...

close on the heels of the state bank of india rejigging its business, bank of india (boi) has also embarked on a similar ...

dena bank, in a first of its kind in the banking sector, is planning to raise equity though a preferential allotment to the ...

sentiment on terrorism risk will suffer with a series of seven blasts that rocked the european financial capital of london. since ...

as the country s largest foreign bank, citigroup, hits close to rs 1,000 crore mark in terms of its bottomline, its smaller ...

the rupee opened at 43.61 and fell to a low of 43.67 per dollar before closing lower at 43.65 per dollar. fall in oil ...

to take advantage of new rbi guidelines, hdfc bank is planning to float a nbfc outfit and start fund-based activity, jagdish ...

bank of baroda (bob) has shifted securities worth rs 6,174 crore from available for sale (afs) category to held to maturity (htm) ...

indian corporates and financial intermediaries have raised well in excess of rs 73,000 crore in the first half(h1) of calendar ...

venture finance and managerial support services company gvfl ltd (formerly known as gujarat venture finance ltd) has sold its ...

the launch of the india power fund (ipf), a venture capital fund for the power sector proposed to be set up by the power finance ...

bankers have appealed to the finance ministry to restore tax sops on deposits that were removed in the annual budget of 2005-06 ...

crisil has pared its board composition from 12 members to eight following a majority stake acquisition by standard poor s ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today accepted bids of only rs 697 crore against the notified amount of rs 2,000 crore in the ...

the country s largest financial institution, the life insurance corporation of india (lic), will now offer performance-linked ...

the ratio of volatile capital inflows to foreign exchange reserves increased marginally to 36.8 per cent at the end of march 2005 ...

state-owned oriental insurance company today reported over 4% rise in net profit at rs 330.52 crore netting premium income of rs ...

the spot rupee opened at 43.56 per dollar, and closed lower at 43.59 per dollar.prices of government securities ...

nutan nagarik sahakari bank, an ahmedabad-based multi state co-operative bank, has posted a net profit of rs 3.07 crore for the ...

hdfc standard life, part of the rs 30,000-crore hdfc group, achieved a new business premium of nearly rs 486 crore in the fiscal ...

as many as 10,000 employees of the state bank of india will observe a day-long strike in madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh ...

dena bank has ambitious plans to reduce its net non-performing assets (npas) by 60 per cent to 2.0 per cent by end-march 2006, ...

some automated teller machines (atms) will shortly be independent of banks as euronet india kick starts with the first set of 25 ...

the small industries development bank of india (sidbi) is seeking amendment to the sidbi act to step up credit to small and ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) is encashing on the increasing trend of overseas indians returning back to the ...

kotak mahindra venture fund has sold 2.04% stake in allsec technologies to bring down its holdings in the chennai-based bpo to ...

the rupee opened at 43.57 per dollar, and dipped to a low of 43.60 before closing a tad lower at 43.56 as against the last close ...

sbi mutual fund (sbi mf) has targeted to raise up to rs 500 crore through its commodity-based equity fund magnum comma fund, ...

il fs investsmart, a financial service provider, plans to market life and general insurance products in the next four months ...

stating that there have been as many as 809 defaulters who have defaulted nationalised banks to the tune of rs one crore or more ...

bharat overseas bank limited (bobl) is planning to enter the capital market in september or october. bobl, which enjoys a ...

the andhra pradesh bank employees federation (apbef) today released the list of all the defaulters of rs 1-crore and above to ...

the inter-institutional group of financial institutions will soon meet to discuss the financing of reliance energy s (rel) rs ...

rakesh mohan returned to the mint road on saturday after spending an eight-month stint in the north block as the economic affairs ...

the spot rupee opened at 43.57 per dollar, and closed at 43.55 per dollar as against the last weekend close of 43.48 per dollar. ...

punjab national bank (pnb) today revised interest rates on foreign currency non-resident fcnr(b) and nre savings and term ...

centurion bank will introduce target variable incentive (tvi) for bank of punjab (bop) employees following the proposed merger of ...

state bank of mysore (sbm) has plans to augment its tier-ii capital further by about rs 150 crore in the current fiscal to ...

indian banks association (iba) has initiated talks with state-run telecom majors bsnl and mtnl for providing 24-hour connectivity ...

india s foreign exchange reserves declined by $676 million for the week-ended june 24, 2005 due to revaluation of international ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today decided to withdraw its sanction for banks investments in venture capital funds as ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) is likely to pick up a 21 per cent stake in infrastructure leasing and financial ...

leading global private banks are in a tearing hurry to hire people. even before getting the regulator s nod for banking licences, ...

the rupee opened at 43.49 per dollar, and moved a tad higher to close at 43.48 per dollar. apprehension of government ...

icici bank has raised interest rates on non-resident external rupee (nre) savings account, nre fixed deposits and foreign ...

syndicate bank has earmarked rs 100 crore of bad debts to be transferred to an asset reconstruction company (arc) during the ...

canara bank will launch on friday, canrelax , an annuity product, as part of its centenary year celebrations, chairman and ...

andhra bank (ab) is aiming to sanction rs 1,000 crore worth educational loans by the end of march 2006. so far, the bank has ...

union bank of india will tap the capital market through public offer of eight crore shares which could fetch it about rs 800 ...

the centre is among the 16 shareholders of infrastructure development finance corporation (idfc) offering part of their stakes to ...

indusind bank today announced a 29.08 per cent rise in net profit to rs 62.91 crore for the quarter ended march 2005 against rs ...

syndicate bank proposes to set up two subsidiaries a venture capital fund of rs 12.5 crore for rural development and a business ...

indian insurers and capital market intermediaries will be able to set up operations in singapore under the comprehensive economic ...

the rupee opened at 43.53 per dollar, and moved up to 43.51 on the back of dollar selling by banks before closing at 43.52 per ...

indusind bank today reported a 19.81% decline in net profit at rs 210.15 crore for the year ended march 31, 2005 as against ...

union bank of india will tap the capital market through a public offer of eight crore shares, which could fetch it about rs 800 ...

the board of directors of federal bank, which met yesterday, has approved a proposal to raise rs 450 crore by means of a public ...

the board of directors of centurion bank and bank of punjab today approved a swap ratio of 4 9 for the merger of the two banks ...

the signing of a memorandum of understanding (mou)between the reserve bank of india (rbi) and the government of gujarat (gog) on ...

geojit financial services, a joint venture between c j george and kerala state industrial development corporation ltd, plans to ...

nasser munjee will take charge as chairman of the development credit bank (dcb) from august 1. appointed on a non-executive ...

development credit bank (dcb) has posted a net loss of rs 163 crore for the year ended march 2005 against a profit of rs 17.36 ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) has seen an 80 per cent growth in the premium collection during the first quarter of ...

the rupee opened at 43.53 per dollar, and closed lower at 43.57 per dollar today.the finance ministry statement that ...

hit by provisions for wage arrears and depreciation, lakshmi vilas bank (lvb) today reported a 91.86% decline in net profit at rs ...

syndicate bank, which is entering the capital market for the second time, is planning to foray into the bpo sector and is ...

there is a mad rush by banks in emerging markets to adopt the internal ratings based (irb) approach for credit risks under the ...

if the reserve bank of india has its way, you could soon lose the facility of having multiple credit cards with a combined credit ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) will be given the first choice to buy the government s strategic holdings in itc ...

the reserve bank of india has set up a task force to look into the functioning of co-operative banks in the state. an agreement ...

syndicate bank is awaiting the reserve bank of india s approval for setting up representative offices in dubai and south africa. ...

icici bank s market share in the over $20 billion non-resident indian (nri) inward remittance business has swelled to 25 per cent ...

commercial banks dependence on certificates of deposits (cds) for resources has jumped 2.47 times since january 2005. the ...

the government may not proceed with its scheduled auction, to be held between july 1 and 8, for rs 10,000 crore following a fall ...

unhappy with the bipartite wage pact signed on june 2 this year, junior level officers in the banking sector have formed a body ...

the government today cleared the appointment of ashok jha, a 1969 batch ias officer from the andhra pradesh cadre, as secretary, ...

the rupee dipped today, but recovered from early lows on easing demand for the dollar from importers. the rupee finished ...

the rupee started weak, but improved marginally against the dollar during the early trading on the interbank foreign exchange ...

the government of andhra pradesh (ap) today signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with reserve bank of india (rbi) with ...

the interbank call rates zoomed past the repo rate of 6 per cent today in order to cope up with the receding liquidity in the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is planning to computerise the entire banking operations of co-operative banks in the state to ...

despite two liquidated surat-based co-operative banks having submitted claims with the deposit insurance and credit guarantee ...

abn amro bank has decided to raise its home loan rates by 25 basis points effective july 21. the finance minister s statement ...

lic housing finance today announced a 72.91 per cent dip in net profit to rs 14.17 crore in the quarter ended march 31, 2005 ...

indian bank s major thrust over the next three years will be on recovering rs 1,000 to rs 1,200 crore of bad debts. k c ...

bank of punjab is likely to surrender its banking licence to the reserve bank of india (rbi) following its merger with centurion ...

bank of baroda (bob) is likely to be the first nationalised bank to introduce performance-related pay for almost 2,800 of its ...

sentiment was bullish in the forex market today.the spot rupee opened at 43. 5250 per dollar and moved up to an intra-day ...

lic housing finance has reported a 73% slump in its fourth quarter net profit at rs 14.17 crore for the quarter ended march 31, ...

karur vysya bank ltd (kvb) expects to open 10 more branches during the current fiscal. the bank also plans to launch internet and ...

the corporation bank has raised $100 million at competitive rates from overseas correspondents as a part of its plan to augment ...

standard chartered today announced the appointment of neeraj swaroop, as chief executive of standard chartered bank india, ...

the external committee set up by the reserve bank of india on merger of cooperative banks has approved four merger proposals at a ...

the ailing punjab and sind bank has been assured more capital infusion from the government, but were asked to gear up deposit ...

forex reserves increased by $1.04 billion for the week ended june 17, 2005.the forex reserves stood at $1,39,566 million, ...

the country s second largest commercial bank, icici bank, is replicating its canadian retail banking success story in the uk ...

with corporates and institutions tapping the international markets, there is a need to fine-tune macro policies in a much broader ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today imposed a penalty of rs 5 lakh on ing vysya bank for violating guidelines concerning sale ...

the despondency with which the bond market lumbered into the financial year in april is proving to be unwarranted as yields are ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today allowed importers to cancel and rebook all forward contracts to hedge current account ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda), the regulatory body for insurers, is learnt to be working on a set of ...

the rupee ends weaker today, as importers stepped up dollar purchases while the euro lost ground overseas and bse eased from ...

the reserve bank of india today stated it has cancelled the certificate of registration issued to mumbai-based, erstwhile tata ...

centurion bank has selected equation a state of the art solution for banking requirements by misys, a provider of banking ...

apinvest, set up by andhra pradesh government for getting investments into the state, is currently negotiating with celestica, ...

indian banks may be permitted to use a slew of new capital-raising instruments including perpetual debt securities, convertible ...

the ministry of railways is considering a proposal to make the indian railway finance corporation (irfc) an umbrella body for ...

at rs 841 share for a total of rs 1,007.09cr standard s holding drops to 9.35%.

the spot rupee opened at 43.51 per dollar, and touched an intra-day high of 43.49 per dollar. it, however, drifted lower to ...

canara bank today reported a 1% decline in consolidated net profit at rs 1,363.98 crore for the year ended march 31, 2005 as ...

i-flex, mumbai-based maker of core banking software, flexcube, said it had agreed to buy an operational risk management software ...

rating agency crisil and the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) today announced launch of a grading ...

national insurance (nic) which had occupied the position of largest general insurance player for a couple of months last year, ...

citigroup ranks india among the top five markets in the world in terms of its focus areas. among other priority markets, the ...

corporates are refinancing loans in yen against the earlier trend of dollar refinancing as the london interbank bid and offer ...

bank of punjab has revoked its february order of alloting 18.78 per cent preferential shares to five investors bank of nova ...

sentiment was weak in the forex market today. after dipping to an early low of 43.63 per dollar, the spot rupee moved up to close ...

the yes bank ipo, which closed today, has been subscribed 19.79 times.according to data on the nse website, as against ...

the finance ministry will set targets for psu banks on 11 financial parameters and six qualitative aspects in an agreement that ...

two surat-based co-operative banks that were liquidated last year have submitted insurance claims worth over rs 90 crore with the ...

the state bank of india s (sbi s) bhopal circle, which covers madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh, plans to focus on small ...

seven executive directors have been notified to take charge with immediate effect to fill up the top vacancies at seven public ...

bank of baroda (bob) is set to keep over 100 of its branches open from 8 am to 8 pm by june 30. already 51 of the bank s branches ...

development credit bank (dcb) is planning to raise around rs 300 crore through an initial public offering (ipo) in the current ...

the government will allow three singapore banks dbs holdings ltd, overseas chinese banking corporation and united overseas bank ...

the $11.88 billion canadian imperial bank of commerce (cibc) has picked up 4.06 per cent in hdfc bank through open market ...

close on the heels of a merger between two new generation private sector banks, the fifth largest private sector bank federal ...

the award staff union at state bank of india (sbi) sbi staff association has decided to go on a one-day strike on june 29 to ...

small industries development bank of india (sidbi) is close to signing a strategic alliance with uco bank to boost credit flow to ...

finalising the agri-credit plan, chairman and ceo of karnataka bank ltd, ananthakrishna said there is a need to enlarge the ...

minister for co-operation r v deshpande on thursday said, all farmers clearing their outstanding loans under the one time ...

private insurance player, aviva life insurance, india, is asking for more commercial flexibility from the insurance regulatory ...

indian overseas bank (iob) has shelved its proposal for $120 million global depository receipts (gdr) issue.at its agm ...

foreign exchange reserves fell by $135 million for the week ending june 11, 2005.the forex reserves now stand at ...

syndicate bank will issue five crore equity shares in a second public issue, slated to open in july, to meet stricter capital ...

syndicate bank plans to hit the market with its second public issue of equity shares in the first week of july at a premium to be ...

domestic banks have lent a record rs 7,000 crore to the three sensitive sectors - capital market, real estate and commodity - in ...

the japanese are not only active in the indian equity markets but also have shown keen interest in increasing exposure to fixed ...

punjab sind bank has come up with an elaborate restructuring plan. the recast blueprint - spanning over two to three years ...

goldman sachs mauritius today bought 1.84 per cent stake in uti bank for rs 116.54 crore. it picked up over 50.26 lakh shares at ...

top private banks in the country are considering raising the interest rates on all consumer loans in an attempt to protect ...

reserve bank today stuck to its monetary policy stance of 7% growth projection despite the delay in monsoon. there is no ...

aiming to maintain it s growth level of 20%, punjab national bank (pnb) is eyeing to usher it s total business from rs. 1,63,000 ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) has called for provision of warranties for houses as housing is the largest ...

public sector banks in a bid to adopt to the competitive trends, are beginning to go one up over private sector and ...

clsa merchant bankers ltd today bought about a 2.86 per cent stake in kotak mahindra bank for around rs 124.80 crore. it bought ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) has sought the reserve bank of india s (rbi) permission to raise $250-$300 million ...

ing vysya bank, in a bid to get back on track, is aiming for a business volume of rs 24,000 crore in this fiscal. of this, the ...

state bank of india (sbi) planning to float retail bonds of over rs 3,000 crore in the third quarter (q3) of this fiscal year, a ...

tuticorin-based tamilnad mercantile bank has signed an agreement with kuoni travel (india) pvt ltd to offer western union money ...

yes bank, which entered the capital market with an initial public offering of 70 million equity shares, will be tying up with a ...

singapore-based dbs bank will invest rs 228 crore to take 37.5 per cent in the murugappa group-controlled cholamandalam ...

the rupee rebounded today, helped by fii inflows and demand for dollars eased down, as the euro recovered against the dollar. ...

punjab national bank expects its retail loans to grow by around 35 per cent to rs 15,000 crore in 2005-06 (april-march), general ...

the corporate bond market witnessed brisk trading in oil bonds on wednesday even as bearish currents prevailed in the money ...

strips may not have made an entry into the domestic debt market but the foreign exchange market is witnessing the advent of a new ...

diverging from its earlier plans, allahabad bank (allbank) has decided to merge its six regional rural banks (rrb) into two ...

international rating agency fitch ratings has downgraded the national rating of development credit bank s (dcb) rs 1,600 crore ...

the rupee slipped today on growing concerns over a steadily widening trade deficit and wariness over the euro s weakness against ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) has posted a 18% increase in profit after tax of rs 1123.83 crore for the year ...

allahabad bank has charted out several initiatives for its growth strategy, which includes a new hr policy, organisational ...

the reserve bank of india has recommended an amendment to the securities contract regulation (scra) to accommodate over the ...

big brother is watching. the reserve bank of india (rbi) today directed banks to closely track the spends of an international ...

in an effort to give a fillip to electronic mode of payment, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has waived processing charges for ...

inverse floaters have made a come back after a gap of two years. the need for higher returns by mutual funds and a slight change ...

in an interesting case which could drastically alter the recently signed wage pact in the banking sector, the jabalpur high court ...

the rupee rebounded today, on easing importer demand for the dollar but the market was wary ahead of key data from the united ...

india inc mobilised rs 55,184 crore through private placement of bonds in 2004-05. this is 14 per cent higher than rs 48,428 ...

the state bank of india (sbi) has exceeded the prudential credit exposure limit set by the reserve bank of india to reliance ...

canara bank continues to fall behind on its plan to rollout a new core banking software across its branches. the bank, after ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has decreased the number of reviews to be undertaken by bank boards. in a circular issued to the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today highlighted the general perception that accounting statements have failed to inform of the ...

south indian bank (sib), an old private sector bank, is planning to raise its capital base from rs 450 crore to rs 1,000 crore ...

the working group set up by the reserve bank of india (rbi) to review export credit has hinted at the need for a prudential limit ...

the gujarat circle of the department of posts, has secured the number one position in the postal life insurance business in the ...

the rupee staged its biggest one-day loss since early february to end at a one-and-half week low today as the dollar rallied ...

the dewan housing finance corporation (dhfl) board at its meeting to held on june 17, 2005, are to consider raising $50 ...

chairman of the administrative staff college of india m narasimham, who is considered to be the architect of banking sector ...

private sector entity sangli bank is planning to hit the capital market in next six months to mop up rs 100-150 crore through an ...

insurance companies now a days are raking their brains over such questions as what is the aggregate risk concentration at m g ...

aviva india, a 26 74 joint venture between aviva plc and dabur, has launched two new unit-linked products - group gratuity ...

aviva plc, the fifth largest insurer in the world and ninth in terms of market share in india, is expecting 10 per cent of its ...

hit by the revaluation of international currencies, india s foreign exchange reserves dipped by a massive $1.16 billion for the ...

foreign exchange reserves dipped by a massive $1.16 billion for the week ended june 3, 2005.the forex reserve now stands ...

kotak mahindra bank, which offers the entire spectrum of financial needs for individuals and corporates, has identified gujarat, ...

rabo bank will participate in the yes bank s initial public offering (ipo) to maintain its stake in the bank at 20 per cent. yes ...

kotak mahindra bank plans to open about 50-60 branches to more than double its network in two years. to tap emerging ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will file its affidavit in response to the calcutta high court stay on its order banning price ...

the reserve bank of india and five state governments were talking, to revive loss making urban co-operative banks, rbi deputy ...

four mortgage loan schemes conceived by the vijayawada zone of state bank of india (sbi) have been approved by the bank s head ...

the co-operative bankers of surat have sought the repeal of tax on cash transactions imposed in the union budget 2005-06. the tax ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today directed banks to settle claims and release the payments to the survivor of a deceased ...

the third instalment of the private placement of the food corporation of india (fci) bonds has been oversubscribed to the extent ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today opened the repo and reverse repo facility for non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) and ...

european and american insurers currently not having any operations in india are wooing australian insurer amp to pick up its ...

the government has said banks may find it difficult to provide for bad and doubtful assets this year in the wake of lower ...

the rupee slipped lower for the first time in six sessions today as the dollar eyed a nine-month high versus the euro. ...

spandana, a microfinance institution (mfi) which offers innovative financial solutions to poor women in slums and semi-slums of ...

the industrial development bank of india limited (idbi limited) opened its third branch in hyderabad on wednesday. it plans to ...

the government securities mart seems to have regained vigour, registering a volume of rs 7,500 crore plus for the second day in a ...

the path for liquidating the surat-based the royale co-operative bank has been cleared, with the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

the rupee rose for the fifth straight session to a near-three-week closing high today, drawing support from the dollar s drop ...

asian development bank (adb) is likely to provide technical assistance for toning up tax administration in the country from ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has allowed indian banks to extend financial assistance to companies for acquisition of equity in ...

goldman sachs, the $20 billion global financial powerhouse, has announced plans to double its shared services manpower in india ...

bank of baroda (bob) s south zone units have targeted a growth of 28 per cent in total business during the current financial ...

the possibility of the reserve bank of india (rbi) revoking the license of the surat-based the century co-operative bank has ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) is planning to lower the salaries of the erstwhile global trust bank (gtb) employees in coming ...

concerned over the operational risks involved, the reserve bank of india (rbi) is set to issue guidelines on outsourcing to ...

rabo india securities pvt ltd, a 100 per cent subsidiary of rabo india finance, has received a category 1 merchant banking ...

reserve bank of india governor yv reddy today said core inflation had been fairly low barring supply shocks in the form of ...

kotak mahindra bank today announced a 12.04 per cent rise in net profit to rs 23.07 crore for the quarter ended march 31, 2005 ...

the rupee pared early gains but still managed to end at a two-week closing high today, supported by steady capital flows and the ...

kotak mahindra bank has reported a net profit of rs 23.07 crore for the quarter ended march 31, 2005 - a net gain of 12% over the ...

bank of baroda (bob) plans to set up a primary dealership in mauritius. the bank is eyeing the island since the debt market is ...

to catch up with the private sector competitors, bank of baroda (bob) is set to start 24-hour banking at select branches. it also ...

public sector banks view the proposed performance-based memorandum of understanding (mou) leading to greater autonomy and ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) has invested 10 per cent in housing development finance corporation s rs ...

government securities prices fell by 15-20 paise in short to medium term papers as the cut-off price for the auction of the long ...

the rupee finished at a one-week high today on accumulated dollar inflows over the weekend and as the dollar dipped overseas ...

indian bank, which is raising rs 600-1,200 crore through ipo sometime in september, is likely to price its initial public ...

the indian banks association (iba) is working out the guidelines on managerial autonomy with the finance minister hinting at ...

the government is set to clear the proposal of six banks to consolidate their rural regional banks (rrbs). while the banks have ...

in a bid to cut their net non-performing assets (npas) to less than 2 per cent, public sector banks (psbs) are expected to ...

public sector banks will approach the centre for funds as it has reinforced that government holding will not fall below 51 per ...

andhra pradesh state financial corporation (apsfc), in association with rajasthani graduates association (rga), organised a one ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) has given top priority to cut down its non-performing assets, which rose to 9.1% of total ...

despite a late sharp rally from 1-1 2 month lows, the rupee lost considerable ground against the us currency due to month-end ...

finance minister p chidambaram today asked bank chiefs to deploy more capital to lending activities as options were fewer to park ...

come july 1, two-wheelers will become dearer by about rs 2,000. this follows two-wheeler owners having to compulsorily buy long ...

the government relaxed on friday rules for external commercial borrowings, allowing non-banking finance companies to raise ...

sivaganga district central cooperative bank (sdccb) in tamil nadu, which is in the midst of financial problems, will submit ...

united western bank (uwb) proposes to raise rs 380 crore to shore up its equity capital and to adhere to the minimum capital ...

yes bank plans to take the number of its retail branches in the northern region to 14 during the current financial year. the bank ...

the state bank of india (sbi) is expected to unveil a global expansion plan in the presence of prime minister manmohan singh and ...

the rupee closed higher today, as easing importer demand for the dollar combined with strong capital inflows. the rupee ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) is learnt to be working out a separate set of risk management standards for the ...

union bank of india today raised $ 75 million in the overseas markets. the bank will use the proceeds to give out export credit. ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said there may not be a need for separate and exclusive regulatory framework for ...

standard chartered bank (scb) has created a virtual sme (small and medium enterprises) bank by combining wholesale as well as ...

volatility in realty prices and a demand-supply mismatch could lead to a realty bubble, according to the reserve bank of india ...

the rupee rebounded smartly on today, gaining one-fifth of a percent on its previous session s six-week closing low on strong ...

contrary to what has been widely reported, the jj irani committee has recommended deposit insurance for companies accepting ...

warburg pincus international today picked up around 2 per cent stake in kotak mahindra bank from the market at around rs 90.5 ...

the kotak mahindra group today announced that it would buy out ford credit international s 40 per cent stake in kotak mahindra ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) has bought out ifci s 4.39 per cent shareholding in lic housing finance ltd for rs ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic)-south zone has reported a 15 per cent growth in total premium income to rs 9,859.42 ...

credit rating information services india ltd. (crisil), which had joined hands with the small industries development bank of ...

the foreign exchange market today witnessed a bulk rollover of exporter contracts with spot rupee depreciating to an intra-day ...

on june 2, 1806, a clutch of european merchants most of whom were scottish, the east india company s bengal government and 27 ...

with competition hotting up in the credit card market, banks are wooing customers with various offers. with over 10 million ...

the rupee failed to hang on to its early gains today and ended at a new six-week closing low on dollar demand from importers ...

the reserve bank of india wants other central banks to reciprocate its policy of going beyond the wto commitments in allowing ...

life insurance corporation of india (south-central zone) will be recruiting a minimum of 50,000 agents this year. this apart, it ...

co-operative bankers of surat are opposing the reserve bank of india s (rbi) move to treat deposits in the beleaguered madhavpura ...

madhavpura mercantile co-operative bank ltd (mmcb) has for the first time indicated that it might not be in a position to meet ...

life insurance corporation (lic) is planning to review the new incentive scheme, launched in september 2004, for development ...

the board of directors of kotak mahindra bank will consider the issuance of bonus shares at the next board meeting on june 7. ...

the finance ministry is close to clearing 74 per cent foreign direct investment (fdi) in asset reconstruction companies. this has ...

the rupee shed nearly 0.4% today, dented by the euro s mounting losses against a broadly firmer dollar and strong demand for cash ...

finance minister p chidambaram will meet bankers on june 3 to review operations of banks, firm up next generation banking reforms ...

foreign and few new generation private sector banks, active in mumbai implied forward rate (mifor) swaps, were seen frantically ...

ing vysya bank has told the stock exchanges that the board of directors of the bank on may 28, has approved the sale of the ...

kolkata-based magma leasing is aiming for the top slot among retail finance company by 2007 as its strategy to develop rural and ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) will not be in a position to retain its market share, said chairman r n bhardwaj, ...

gujarat ambuja cements will execute the first buy-out in the private insurance industry by acquiring 14.87 per cent stake in ing ...

icici bank topped the charts among retail banks in india by a wide margin in the asian banker retail financial services award for ...

the rupee slipped to one-month lows today, as the demand for dollars increased and as the euro set seven-month lows against the ...

oriental bank of commerce is drawing up a vision plan 2010 for becoming a global player in five years after consolidating its ...

federal bank has reported a 30% rise in its net profit at rs 29.86 crore for the quarter ended march 31, 2005 as compared to rs ...

the board of directors of ing vysya bank, at its meeting held on may 28, 2005, has approved the bank s sale of 14.87% stake in ...

the mangalore-based karnataka bank saw its turnover cross rs 17,000 crore. the deposits grew 15.2 per cent to touch rs 10,837 ...

bank of america (boa) is setting up its second outsourcing centre in india to undertake market research for its global capital ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will review after six months the ban imposed last week on the use of mumbai inter-bank forward ...

punjab national bank (pnb) has reported a 14% jump in net profit (after minority interest share of earning in associates) ...

a top-level reshuffle in leading public sector banks (psbs) is in the offing with canara bank, bank of india, central bank of ...

hsbc asia pacific chief lambasted the indian government for changing its stance on foreign investment in domestic private banks. ...

indian bank has decided to raise at least rs 1,000 crore through its maiden public issue that is slated hit the market by ...

close to $10 billion worth of mifor (mumbai implied forward rate) based swaps have been struck between corporates and banks. the ...

the rupee gave up early gains to end a shade weaker today on month-end demand for the dollar from importers but expectations of ...

the rupee nudged higher today morning as expectations of inflows from a large overseas share offering outweighed the dollar s ...

bond prices fell by 25 to 30 paise across the board on profit-taking after yesterday s rally led the yields on the benchmark ...

oriental bank of commerce s (obc) net profit for 2004-05 grew by 10.89 per cent to rs 760.1 crore from rs 686.07 crore in 2003-04 ...

rabo india finance, part of the netherlands-based $ 375 billion rabobank group, has sought permission from the reserve bank of ...

punjab national bank (pnb) expects to expand internationally in big way, as it plans to set up subsidiaries or full fledged ...

the small industries development bank of india (sidbi) has decided to redesign its business model and focus on direct lending ...

the rupee ended steady around three-week lows today, but sentiment was edgy as the market awaits the first quarter us gross ...

moderation in inflation led to higher pick up in economic activity, which in turn weakened the rupee against the greenback, ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) has posted a 3% increase in net profit at rs 237.7 crore for the quarter ended march 31, 2005 as ...

a slew of private sector banks is set to hit the market both domestic as well as overseas to raise capital and bring down the ...

western union (wu), an international leader in money transfer services along with its primary agent weizmann forex, today signed ...

credit rating agency crisil has upgraded the rating of non-convertible bonds (ncbs) of instrumentation ltd after the public ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest bank, plans to raise the remaining $600 million of its $1 billion overseas ...

indian bank s specialised branch called microstate expects to extend credit assistance of rs 114.50 crore to 4,350 self help ...

the rupee ended at a three-week low against the dollar today, as the dollar traded zoomed past the euro, leading to increased ...

praising the recent reforms in india s pension sector, the world bank has said the reforms represented a fundamental policy shift ...

talking about the merger of idbi bank with idbi ltd, v p shetty, chairman, idbi ltd, said, as i see it, the merger would ...

the reserve bank of india governor y v reddy met finance minster p chidambaram today and briefed him on the current economic ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may not issue a banking licence to the union bank of switzerland (ubs) to commence operations in ...

dewan housing finance will launch its rs 250-300 crore real estate fund. the fund will target mass housing in terms of quality ...

life insurance corporation is learnt to have subscribed to the entire government stock of 8.35 per cent 2022 in the auction held ...

the rupee ended lower today, with sentiment edgy after the central bank scrapped a derivative used by corporates and foreign ...

bank of india has reported a 70% slump in its consolidated net profit (after minority interest share of earning in ...

the calcutta stock exchange (cse), one of the oldest bourses in asia, is likely to offer 51 per cent stake to allahabad bank, uco ...

the sponsor shareholders of infrastructure development finance corporation (idfc) have committed to make efforts to keep their ...

commercial banks seem to have ignored the reserve bank of india s (rbi) advice to lend to non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) ...

i-flex solutions ltd, the financial solutions firm, has entered into a strategic alliance with castek software inc., a toronto ...

satyam cineplex was insured against terrorist attack. the delhi-based multiplex which fell prey to a powerful bomb blast ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has kicked off the process of protecting customers interest by directing banks to compensate ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked market participants to discontinue trades in mifor swaps. on specific request from ...

the state bank of india (sbi) is considering the possibility of offloading a portion of the government s stake either through a ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) is looking into the circumstances that led to the run in the stock of punjab ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will shortly notify entities qualified as non-government organisations (ngos) that are eligible ...

a consortium of banks led by icici bank and idbi bank have entered into an agreement with hindoostan spinning weaving mills ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will hold an auction for 364 day government of india treasury bills for a notified amount of rs ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today unveiled a scheme of small enterprises financial centres (sefcs) for co-financing of term ...

bank of baroda has posted a 35 per cent dip in net profit for the fourth quarter ended march 31, 2005, to rs 101.04 crore down ...

dena bank posted a net loss of rs 39.20 crore for the fourth quarter ended march 31, 2005, compared with a net profit of rs 58.39 ...

state bank of india (sbi) today declared a 16 per cent growth in net profit at rs 4,304 crore or nearly a billion dollars for ...

industrial development bank of india s (idbi) 8,000 agents are in the process of being transferred to idbi capital markets, the ...

indian bank s association (iba), in association with member banks, will form a company that will act as an umbrella organisation ...

the state bank of india (sbi) would see a outgo of $6 billion (rs 26,000 crore) on account of redemption of india millennium bond ...

the state bank of india (sbi) has decided to raise close to rs 4,000 crore of tier-ii capital this year through a combination of ...

the rupee ended at a one-week high today, after oil and gold importers wound up their purchases of the dollar midway through the ...

bank of baroda (bob) has posted a 35% drop in net profit at rs 101.04 crore for the fourth quarter ended march 31, 2005 as ...

state bank of india (sbi) has posted a 22% increase in net profit at rs 1,064.88 crore for the fourth quarter ended march 31, ...

close on heels of the state bank of india s (sbi) acquisition of a mauritius bank, icici bank today announced an acquisition in ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) is expecting alternate channels to contribute to five per cent of its premium income ...

centurion bank today announced a net profit of rs 9.6 crore in the quarter ended march 31, 2005, against a loss of rs 97.7 crore. ...

the shriram group, which has entered into a joint venture agreement with south africa s sanlam life insurance ltd to set up ...

indian exporters and importers can now settle dollar payments to counterparts in other asian countries on a real-time basis with ...

the largest public sector commercial bank, state bank of india (sbi) is likely to announce a 24 per cent growth in net profit for ...

life insurance corporation (lic) is set to step in to rescue banks and financial institutions in their plan to settle the dues of ...

the rupee gave up early gains to end weaker today after indian importers, opting for caution, stepped up purchases of the dollar ...

state bank of india (sbi) arranged a syndicated project term loan of rs 1,512 crore for secondary steel manufacturer bhushan ltd ...

ing vysya bank has posted a net profit of rs 4.69 crore for the fourth quarter ended march 31, 2005 as compared to a net loss of ...

icici bank has acquired a russian bank named investitsionno-kreditny bank (ikb) with its registered office in balabanovo in the ...

united bank of india hopes to clock a rs 500 crore net profit in 2005-06 against a total business figure of rs 50,000 crore. the ...

icici bank is planning to set up mandi branches, kiosks, franchisees and partner microfinance institutions and non-government ...

infrastructure development finance company ltd (idfc) will go in for a public issue of 40.36 crore shares of rs 10 each through a ...

even as business between austria and india touched euro 500 million in the year 2004, a growth of 35 per cent over the previous ...

bank of rajasthan (bor) today said it is planning to raise around rs 1,000 crore from domestic or overseas markets to shore up ...

the infrastructure development finance company ltd (idfc) has initiated changes in the top even as it set for itself the target ...

plans to set up india mortgage insurance company (imic) has hit a roadblock with the government yet to frame guidelines and ...

the task of supervisory capacity building to prepare for basel ii capital adequacy norms is daunting, the reserve bank of india ...

dollar ended mildly cheaper against the rupee at rs 43.48 per dollar and the pound sterling closed sharply lower at rs 79.72 per ...

profit-taking at every rise today prevented an extended bonds rally even as select securites managed to post mild gains in a ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked all those co-operative banks that have kept deposits in madhavpura mercantile ...

with the bse sensex trading in positive territory, a fresh wave of allotment of employees stock option schemes (esops) in the ...

corporation bank has raised a one-year syndicated yen loan equivalent of $100 million at an all inclusive cost of about 4.06 per ...

the draft report of the reserve bank of india s (rbi) internal working group on regional rural banks (rrb) has recommended a ...

public sector banks (psbs) are increasingly focussing on the educational loans segment. educational loan disbursement of domestic ...

citibank today announced an organisational restructuring by bifurcating its commercial banking business in india into ...

the wealth management business has become a focus area for many new generation private sector banks as they look at new business ...

the rupee gave up most early gains to end just above a near two-week closing low today.the rupee ended at 43.49 $, off a ...

the life insurance industry has registered a large 36 per cent growth in first-premium income in 2004-05 against a 11 per cent ...

the state consumer disputes redressal commission, chennai has asked standard chartered bank to pay two of its customers rs 20 ...

the extension of foreign exchange trading by an hour from monday affords local participants reaction time to us data released in ...

state bank of india (sbi) and housing development finance corporation (hdfc) today divested 47.5 per cent in credit information ...

international finance corporation (ifc), world bank s private sector lending arm, has said it will commit upto $4 million to a ...

punjab national bank (pnb) has embarked on a five-pronged strategy for improving its financial position to become the best bank ...

foreign exchange reserves declined $423 million to $141.475 billion for the week ended may 6 when compared with $141.898 billion ...

mumbai-based kotak mahindra bank is looking at tying up with a general insurance company to distribute the latter s products. ...

the centurion bank is aiming at a 65 per cent business growth, by focussing on retail, small and medium enterprises, and opening ...

the asian development bank (adb) is likely to fund a development project in north karnataka with a long gestation . it could ...

dollar-rupee denominated volumes in the south east asian derivative market popularly known as the non-deliverable forward (ndf) ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has directed banks to strictly adhere to the individual and group borrower exposure norms. the ...

indian corporates are finding it difficult to access the overseas bond markets for raising funds as spreads have tightened ...

global strengthening of the dollar led to range-bound trading in the forex market today.the spot rupee, which touched a ...

private insurance companies, led by icici prudential, grew by 129% to mop-up rs 5,557 crore as first premium in 2004-05 as ...

punjab national bank (pnb) is aiming at 20% growth in net profit and rs 2,00,000 crore business in this fiscal by focusing on the ...

west bengal state co-operative bank (wbscb) has exceeded its borrowing limit by as much as rs 3468 crore in 2003-04, according to ...

west bengal state co-operative bank (wbscb) is looking at the possibility of tying with state bank of india for an atm sharing ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will set up a task force for jammu and kashmir to identify areas where nationalised banks could ...

an advocate has challenged salary given to the employees of an anand based co-operative bank on grounds that it is considerably ...

gujarat state finance corporation (gsfc), the state-owned industrial credit corporation that has been ailing on account of large ...

sbi capital markets ltd is planning to increase its retail equity broking business by setting up 50 new offices. it may even spin ...

indian bank reported a flat growth of 0.67 per cent in net profit to rs 408.49 crore for the year ending march 31, 2005 compared ...

rabobank international holding which holds 20 per cent in yes bank would like to maintain its stake unchanged even after the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today directed banking companies to obtain its approval for proposed mergers between banks and ...

sentiment turned bearish in the forex market today with the yuan revaluation rumour falling flat and dollar gaining globally over ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today released the guidelines for merger amalgamation of private sector banks or a private sector ...

the rupee rose to a five-and-a-half year high against the dollar today on fresh speculation about an immediate chinese yuan ...

jammu and kashmir bank today posted a net profit of rs 45.88 crore for the quarter ended march 31, 2005, down 53.19 per cent from ...

despite a cag stricture, public sector insurance companies-national insurance company and oriental insurance company- see the ...

state bank of mysore on wednesday reported a 102 per cent year-on-year increase in march 2005 quarter net profit to rs 76 crore. ...

ashok leyland has further offloaded 2.8 per cent stake in indusind bank, bringing down its stake in the bank from 16 per cent to ...

the rupee rose to a 5-1 2 year high on the dollar today after a report that china would widen its currency band as early as next ...

jammu kashmir bank (j k bank) has reported a 53% slump in net profit to rs 45.88 crore for the quarter ended march 31, ...

the government and the reserve bank of india (rbi) have decided to incorporate certain additional security features and improve ...

iffco tokio general insurance company (itgi), which signed an mou with the state-owned andhra pradesh state financial corporation ...

the swiss bankers association (sba) wants india to do away with the norm that requires equity funds to register as foreign ...

bank of america (boa) has joined the list of foreign banks bringing in capital to expand their operations in india. boa today ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) plans to set up a secondary government securities desk by march 2006 to play an active role in ...

the spot rupee opened at 43.49 per dollar, but moved up to 43.42 in intra-day deals. it finally closed at 43.44 per dollar ...

bank of america today said it was committing additional capital to the tune of $175 million (rs 767 crore) for shoring up its ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) s visakhapatnam division, that covers the three coastal districts from srikakulam to ...

andhra bank has projected a 23.26 per cent rise in its overall business transactions at rs 56,035 crore for the year ending march ...

iffco tokio, a general insurance firm, has launched barish bima yojana , a new group insurance product covering farm produce ...

the malaprabha grameena bank has earned a record net profit of rs 46.42 crore for 2004-2005. chairman of the bank b s surendra ...

setting speculations on the liquidation of kcc bank to rest, the state government has decided release rs 25 crore to revive the ...

syndicate bank has reported a 117.5 per cent increase in net profit at rs 280.19 crore for the quarter ended march 2005. the ...

allahabad bank today declared a 17 per cent rise in net profit to rs 541.8 crore in 2004-05 against rs 463.38 crore in the ...

insurance regulatory development authority (irda) is in the process of setting up a self regulatory organisation (sro) in ...

the indian insurance industry may be thrown open for better risk management practices that are adopted by their banking ...

blame it on the underdeveloped pension and insurance market or uncertainty on the long-term outlook on interest rates, long dated ...

bajaj allianz life insurance today reported a 380 per cent jump in first year premium to rs 860 crore in 2004-05. this helped it ...

the spot rupee opened at 43.53 per dollar, and firmed up to 43.48 per dollar on sales by exporters.the government ...

syndicate bank today reported a 7% decline in net profit at rs 402.90 crore for the year ended march 31, 2005 as against rs ...

allahabad bank today reported a 14.72% increase in consolidated net profit at rs 557.36 crore for the year ended march 31, 2005 ...

s p india llc has acquired 31,20,948 shares of crisil at the enhanced open offer price of rs 775 per share. this was ...

gregory a london, principal consulting services specialist at the asian development bank (adb) does not believe in ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has initiated discussions with co-operative banks and state governments on ways to bring ...

the rumour of china s revaluation of the yuan is fast losing steam as chinese authorities are expected to take time before ...

there are no major issues likely in the primary market this week as yields on the benchmark government securities have firmed up ...

the bearish sentiment is expected to continue in the government securities market. rising oil prices and inflation rate continue ...

even though foreign capital inflows have taken a back seat following profit-taking by global funds, the banking system is reeling ...

indusind bank is planning to raise capital through an overseas issue. the issue is expected to hit the market in the second half ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will assess the impact of basel-ii capital adequacy on banks in the current year (2005-06) ...

y v reddy, governor of reserve bank of india (rbi), said the rise in inflation in april was not fully unanticipated and addded ...

canara bank has reported a 73% dip in its net profit to rs 102.30 crore for the fourth quarter ended march 31, 2005 as compared ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has sought to lower the minimum outstanding loans needed for undertaking corporate debt ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) today said banks face a major challenge in terms of introduction of innovative customer friendly ...

oil and natural gas corporation (ongc) has taken an offshore package insurance policy from united india insurance company with an ...

allahabad bank (allbank) is looking at the possibility of clinching strategic tie-ups with laxmi vilas bank in tamilnadu, ...

chairman of industrial development bank of india (idbi), v p shetty (pictured), was today technically arrested by the mumbai ...

forex market players cut positions in other currencies and bought dollars today as the chinese revaluation rumour slowly died ...

the board of directors of industrial development bank of india (idbi), at its meeting held on april 29, 2005, accepted the ...

the bombay high court today ordered the police to take cognisance of the complaint filed by b w ramteke, general manager of idbi, ...

banks paid on an average 18.89 per cent of their net profit as dividend in 2003-04, much lower than the 33.33 per cent cap on ...

can fin homes limited, a housing finance subsidiary of canara bank, has informed the stock exchanges that the firm s board of ...

at a conference to review the performance of the eight regions of the karnataka bank on thursday, ananthakrishna, chairman, ...

under a major expansion drive, the state bank of bikaner and jaipur will open six new branches in punjab and haryana by the end ...

uco bank is considering the possibility of offering preference shares to the government in a bid to restructure its capital base, ...

housing development finance corporation today reported a 16.71 per cent jump in net profit in the fourth quarter of 2004-05 to rs ...

the ss tarapore committee on procedure and performance audit on public services has suggested a set of stringent measures for ...

both deepak shantilal parekh and kundapur vaman kamath, two stalwarts of indian financial sector, will be around at least for ...

the rupee rose to a new 3-month closing high of 43.42 per dollar today.government securities moved in a range-bound mode ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it is working on the modalities for setting up the banking codes and standards board ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) said today that banks wanting to pay dividends should have a minimum capital to risk adjusted ...

the bank of india (boi) visakhapatnam zone is targeting to downsize its npa levels to 3.03 per cent by the end of the current ...

karnataka bank has effected revision of interest rates on its non-resident (external) rupee deposit (nre) scheme with from may 3. ...

union bank of india today reported a nearly flat growth in net profit in the fourth quarter of 2004-05, at rs 239 crore against ...

the 25 basis points rate hike by the us federal reserve did not have any impact on the indian government securities market today. ...

union bank of india might consider the option of bringing in a strategic investor as one of the ways for raising capital to fund ...

uti bank would have to advance its capital raising plans on account of the implementation of basel-ii norms, a senior bank ...

the finance ministry s decision to introduce cash withdrawal tax on current accounts is expected to give a leg-up to real time ...

standard poor s today said implementation of basel ii capital adequacy norms by banks in the asia-pacific region is likely ...

global credit rating agency fitch has found that india s cooperative banks performance was lacklustre mainly due to deficient ...

union bank is likely to tap the financial market with equity offering and rs 300 crore tier-ii bond issue to shore up capital ...

the rupee closed at a 3-month high on wednesday, supported by as the dollar weakened broadly after the us federal reserve ...

sbi mutual fund, one of the fastest growing asset management companies in the country, has decided to launch four new products ...

union bank of india has posted a 1.12% rise in net profit to rs 238.91 crore for the quarter ended march 31, 2005 as compared to ...

the state bank of hyderabad (sbh), that did a total business of rs 45,619 crore in 2004-05, saw its net profit fall 34 per cent ...

the five-year benchmark 7.55 per cent government stock 2010 auction was oversubscribed by over 3.5 times today with the reserve ...

global ratings firm, standard poor s (s p) today said india will continue to grow, even as most other asian economies ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it will set up an institution at the national level to own and operate all retail ...

indian bankers have got the first scare of basel-ii. they are worried at the prospect of increased capital allocation as their ...

the government is planning to bring the reserve bank of india (rbi) under the service tax net. at present, the central bank is ...

the spot rupee moved in a narrow band today, and closed at 43. 59 per dollar as against the last close of 43.58 per ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) will put in place a software for banks to deduct the new bank cash transaction tax (bctt) from the ...

in what is being seen as a move to increase the liquidity of canfin homes in the open market, the promoters of the bank have shed ...

max new york life, a leading life insurance company operating in india for the last four years, today announced its entry into ...

the securitisation act, designed to contain the growth of non-performing assets of the banks, has started showing results in ...

after staying away from last two government borrowing programme since the beginning of fiscal 2005-06, public sector banks (psbs) ...

the government is open to divesting its stake in the infrastructure development finance company ltd (idfc) in three years, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is learnt to have expressed concern over the money flowing into offshore schemes floated by ...

the spot rupee opend at 43.57 per dollar, and touched a low of 43.61 per dollar before closing lower at 43.58 per dollar ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) has fixed the issue price at rs 250 per share. the bank had come out with a public offer of 5.80 ...

s c gupta today took over as chairman of punjab national bank (pnb) and k n prithviraj assumed office as cmd of oriental bank of ...

hdfc bank and uti bank may be first off the blocks to raise interest rates on retail and wholesale loans this week. public sector ...

on april 30, s s kohli of punjab national bank, m venugopalan of bank of india and b d narang of oriental bank of commerce ...

icici bank has no immediate plans to divest its stake in south indian bank (sib) and federal bank despite the reserve bank of ...

icici bank sees no need to raise fresh capital in the near future. however, if the reserve bank of india (rbi) does not realign ...

corporates are funding their expansion plans mostly through internal accruals and through domestic and foreign borrowings. banks ...

after a gap of 21 years, the reserve bank of india has once again allowed domestic banks to offer doorstep banking, to their ...

trading in corporate bonds is expected to remain lackluster this week. with the reverse repo rate hiked, dealers said corporates ...

excess liquidity in the banking system remains the only factor soothing the frayed nerves of market players. they were caught ...

the proposed tax on cash withdrawals from banks is taking a new turn with the indian banks association (iba) and the reserve bank ...

icici bank has posted a 22 per cent rise in its net profit at rs 2,005.2 crore for the financial year ended march 31, 2005, as ...

thomas cook india will launch atm-cum-foreign currency converters by july. we will be lauching atm-cum-foreign currency ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) may soon empower 15 ombudsmen to redress complaints of aggrieved credit card holders against banks ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $1.001 billion to $142.54 billion for the week ended april 22, 2005, according to the weekly ...

icici bank today said it has not taken any decision on hiking the interest rates in home loans in the immediate ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) has created a new structure for marketing of its insurance products through banks and ...

the reserve bank of india is working on new monetary aggregate and is in the process of preparing a roadmap for shortselling of ...

fund managers and provident fund (pf) trustees despite sharing similar views on the interest rate seem to be pursuing diverging ...

speculation about the revaluation of the chinese yuan over the weekend led to the rupee gaining almost 17 18 paise today to close ...

p k gupta, chairman and managing director (cmd) of national housing bank (nhb), has been given the additional charge of cmd at ...

punjab national bank s (pnb) reported a 21 per cent increase in net profit to rs 360.6 crore for the quarter-ended march 2005 as ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) today announced a net profit of rs 307 crore for the six months ended march 31, 2005. ...

bank of india posted a 85 per cent drop in net profit for the fourth quarter ended march 31, 2005, at rs 52.79 crore against rs ...

the rupee rose on friday to its highest in almost three months, supported by talk that china s yuan might be revalued, robust ...

y v reddy, governor of reserve bank of india (rbi), today said the reverse repo rate has been hiked by 25 basis points to absorb ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) has posted a consolidated net profit of rs 318.57 crore for the six-month period ...

bank of india today reported a 66% decline in net profit at rs 340.05 crore for the year ended march 31, 2005 as against rs ...

punjab national bank (pnb) has reported a 27% increase in net profit at rs 1,410.12 crore for the year ended march 31, 2005 ...

global rating agencies today said the 25 basis points hike in reverse repo rate is not likely to affect interest margins of banks ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today proposed to extend the primary dealership business to be carried on a part of the banking ...

r n bhardwajchairmanlic the ...

acknowledging the fact that indian markets are now open enough to where global winds will continue to drive volatility higher, ...

against the background of developments during 2004-05, the stance of monetary policy will depend on several factors, including ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) in its annual policy statement for 2005-06 has decided to set up an independent banking codes and ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today directed banks to increase their co-ordination with the small industries development bank ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will monitor the cost of banking services to assess whether there is any denial, implicit or ...

the reserve bank of india has decided after a review to make changes in the corporate debt restructuring (cdr) mechanism. the ...

the rbi today asked banks to put in place strategies for augmenting capital to be able to meet the stringent basel ii capital ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has set up an expert group to formulate strategy for increasing flow of credit to the agriculture ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) credit policy has suggested that banks should be allowed to approve proposals for commodity ...

the reserve bank of india has decided to extend the trading period for the interbank foreign exchange market in india by one hour ...

india inc has welcomed the reserve bank of india s annual policy announcement for 2005-06 that doubles the yearly automatic cap ...

even after a hike in the reverse repo rate by 25 basis points to 5 per cent, there is unlikely to be any major impact on debt ...

to revitalise ailing urban co-operative banks (ucbs) the reserve bank of india (rbi) has begun a consultative process involving ...

as a step towards making the call money market a pure inter-bank activity, non-bank participants, except primary dealers, will be ...

reserve bank of india has permitted listed companies and non-scheduled urban co-operative banks (ucbs) to enter the repo market ...

a stitch in time saves nine. no one knows this better than the reserve bank of india governor yaga venugopal reddy. instead of ...

ashok leyland today reported a 40% increase in net profit at rs 271.41 crore for the year ended march 31, 2005 as against rs ...

the rbi today hiked the reverse repo rate by 25bps to 5% from 4.75% w.e.f april 29, 2005. the repo rate will continue to ...

indian overseas bank s (iob) expects its global depository receipts to be listed in singapore stock exchanges by the first week ...

private sector bankers today urged the reserve bank of india (rbi) to permit banks to advertise on the automated teller machines ...

indian overseas bank (iob) has reported a 103.27 per cent jump in net profit to rs 157.21 crore for the last quarter ending march ...

the banking sector in himachal pradesh through a network of 1174 branches disbursed loans amounting rs 2,019 crore till december ...

andhra bank posted a 21 per cent jump in net profit at rs 138.77 crore for the fourth quarter ended march 31, 2004, up from rs ...

the huge government borrowing programme and redemption of the india millennium deposit, to cite just two reasons, will make ...

talks are on between the life insurance corporation of india (lic) and the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will release its review of economic developments in the fiscal year ended march 31, 2005 at ...

indian overseas bank (iob) has reported a 27% increase in net profit at rs 651.36 crore for the year ended march 31, 2005 as ...

andhra bank today reported a 13.52% increase in consolidated net profit at rs 521.23 crore for the year ended march 31, 2005 as ...

ahmedabad-based financial services firm, parsoli corporation ltd has initiated talks with housing finance companies (hfcs) in a ...

indian bank visakhapatnam circle, which covers five coastal districts from srikakulam to west godavari, registered a 230 per cent ...

marwar gramin bank, one of the major rrb working in the southwestern region of rajasthan, has achieved a total business worth rs ...

the pradeshiya industrial corporation of uttar pradesh (picup), the wholly-owned industrial finance agency of the uttar pradesh ...

housing finance companies (hfcs) may have to revisit their interest rates as the national housing bank (nhb), a wholly owned ...

public sector allahabad bank is exploring the possibility of entering into the insurance business through its subsidiary, allbank ...

birla sun life insurance company has clocked a growth of 70 per cent in premium income to rs 915.5 crore for the year ended march ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) in its credit policy may urge banks to shift to the negotiated dealing system (nds) for trading ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may consider allowing banks to trade in equity futures and options (f o) market in its annual ...

india faces the risk of a further rise in interest rates. the upward pressure on interest rates could strengthen as authorities ...

the world s largest global rating agency, standard poor s taking control of crisil will help remove irritants the domestic ...

the spot rupee opened at 43.7050 per dollar, but gained a shade to close at 43.68 per dollar.sentiment continued to be ...

the board of directors of corporation bank at their meeting held on april 21, 2005, have declared a final dividend of 35% for the ...

the underwriters of the uti bank s gdr issue have exercised their green shoe option on april 25, 2005. according to a ...

expressing concern over the lack of satisfactory progress in recovery of non-performing assets (npas), a parliamentary committee ...

the co-operative banks of the state have expressed their opposition to the reserve bank of india (rbi) proposal to create a ...

banks, struggling to raise low-cost resources to meet rising credit demand, will have one more competitor for bulk deposits. ...

most non-finance professionals may not give even a cursory glance to the reserve bank of india s (rbi) annual policy statement ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today permitted non government organisations (ngos) engaged in micro finance activities to raise ...

the spot rupee closed a shade higher at 43.72 per dollar today.sentiment was bearish in the government securities market ...

trinity business process management is a wholly owned subsidiary of trinity partners, inc, provider of technology-enabled ...

the bank also expects to pay dividend to the government, its shareholder, in the next fiscal, for the first time since 1992, ...

according to sources, recommendations of several internal committees set up by the rbi may figure in the annual credit policy to ...

india s foreign exchange reserves rose by $88 million to $141.54 billion for the week ended april 15, 2005.the country s ...

india inc wants rbi to ensure a stable interest rates regime, steps to check rupee appreciation and growth oriented credit policy ...

the board of directors of the bank have approved a dividend of 65 per cent for 2004-2005, including an interim dividend of 30 per ...

net profit of bharat overseas bank (bobl) fell 43 per cent to rs 20.05 crore for the year ending march 31, 2005 compared with rs ...

the interest rates are expected to come down in the coming months after government allows banks to securitise all type of loans, ...

most money market players expect the reserve bank of india (rbi) to keep key interest rates unchanged in its annual policy ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) has witnessed a 13 per cent fall in number of policies sold till february this year ...

uti bank s net profit rose 33.82 per cent to rs 116.54 crore in the fourth quarter of 2004-05 from rs 87.09 crore a year ago ...

corporation bank announced a 10 per cent fall in net profit for the quarter ended march 31, 2005 at rs 107.57 crore, down from rs ...

the spot rupee, which moved in a narrow, two paise range between 43.74-43.76 per dollar, closed on a steady note at 43.75 per ...

uti bank today reported a 20% increase in net profit at rs 334.58 crore for the year ended march 31, 2005 as against rs 278.31 ...

corporation bank has reported a 34% decline in consolidated net profit at rs 350.69 crore for the year ended march 31, 2005 as ...

vijaya bank has posted a net profit of rs 155.92 crore for the three months to march 2005, up 25.35 per cent from rs 124 crore in ...

this is part of a fresh set of regulations for micro insurance that have been finalised and would be notified in two to three ...

according to banking sources, sbi has opted for nigeria following the stringent capital adequacy norms of the central bank of ...

select government bonds rallied further on renewed buying boosted by the positive cut-off price at yesterday s bond ...

icici bank has tied up with uk-based financial services provider lloyds tsb to provide customers with free money transfers ...

vijaya bank has reported a 7.5% decline in net profit at rs 380.57 crore for the year ended march 31, 2005 when compared with rs ...

syndicate bank has filed a red herring prospectus with the securities and exchange board of india to make a second public issue ...

the supreme court ruled today the liability of an insurance company to pay compensation was not unlimited unless extra premium ...

housing development finance corporation s subsidiary gruh finance today reported a 25.45 per cent jump in its 2004-05 net profit ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc), which had earlier engaged national institute for bank management (nibm) for conducting a study ...

the twin auction of 8.07 per cent 2017 and 7.50 per cent 2034 government stocks was overwhelmingly subscribed even as the market ...

the spot rupee moved in a narrow band of 4-5 paise today. after opening at 43.76 per dollar, it closed at 43.78 per ...

the co-operative banking sector is facing tough competition from private banks. by the sheer size of their resources, the ...

however, obc is scrutinising these resignations to find out if any of these employees have any connection with the fraudulent ...

currently, lok adalats organised by civil courts to effect a compromise between disputing parties in matters pending before any ...

the lending norms became applicable to idbi following the conversion of the erstwhile development finance institution into a ...

principal group (pg) has acquired 26 per cent, while punjab national bank (pnb) has bought another 30 per cent. vijaya bank (vb) ...

yes bank is likely to hit market in the second week of may with its initial public offer (ipo) of seven crore shares to raise up ...

bank of baroda (bob) is eyeing mergers and acquisitions to consolidate its position among the top-ranked public sector banks in ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) has outperformed the bombay stock exchange sensex by posting a 33 per cent ...

tamilnad mercantile bank (tmb) plans to offload 10 per cent of its stake by june end to part fund the rs 130 cr payment due to c ...

the capital inflow data released by the united states are optimistic and dealers are bullish on the dollar. according to a forex ...

there are two government securities -- the 8.07 per cent 2017 and the 7.50 per cent 2034 -- on auction this week for notified ...

the corporate bond market is likely to rule quiet this week owing to the uncertainty in the interest rates on government ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $253 million to $141.457 billion for the week ended april 8, 2005 from $141.204 billion in ...

vadodara-based baroda district industrial co-operative bank (bdicb) would be merged with prime co-operative bank of surat in the ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) plans to increase its loan portfolio by rs 26,000 crore in 2005-06, to take its total ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today revised the exposure limit of urban co-operative banks (ucbs) to a single borrower and a ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) expects the erstwhile global trust bank (gtb) to begin contributing to its operating profit from ...

the reserve bank of india is learnt to have asked primary dealers (pds) to restructure their operations and equip themsleves for ...

bank of baroda has built up a war chest of rs 218 crore (at an exchange rate of rs 43.75 per dollar) for overseas acquisitions in ...

after a gap of four years, the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to permit public sector banks to set up insurance ...

the rupee fell in line with all other currencies against the dollar today.after opening at 43.80 per dollar, it ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) is expecting 32% growth in business at rs 1,00,000 crore and a net profit of rs 800-900 crore in ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) is aiming at a business of rs 1,50,000 crore during the current fiscal. the ...

infrastructure development finance company s (idfc) private equity arm plans to invest around rs 100 crore in gujarat pipavav ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) and the unit trust of india (uti) have subscribed to the allahabad bank second ...

a consortium of banks has put on hold idea cellular s borrowing plan following the objection raised by the department of ...

allahabad bank has fixed the issue price for its public offer at rs 82 per equity share of rs 10 each.according to a ...

depositors of the visnagar nagarik sahakari bank ltd have so far only received the first installment of rs 135 crore of the total ...

the oriental bank of commerce (obc) has initiated the process of making all the branches of the erstwhile global trust bank (gtb) ...

how will you improve lic s market share how will you change the brand image of the organisation, which is looked at as a ...

with basel ii and the more stringent reserve bank of india s (rbi) provisioning norms, banks will be compelled to sell their bad ...

bank of maharashtra (mahabank) has got board approval to enter malaysia through a three-way partnership with bank of baroda (bob) ...

rising interest rates have had an obvious fallout on the investment pattern of banks. their investments in shares have risen b ...

indusind information technology ltd (iitl), the technology subsidiary of indusind bank, is planning strategic tie-ups with ...

the spot rupee, which opened at 43.73 per dollar, closed lower at 43. 75 per dollar on demand from oil companies.the ...

indusind bank today reported a 45% rise in advances at rs 9,500 crore for the year ended march 31, 2005. the bank has ...

hdfc bank has reported a 30.63% increase in net profit at rs 665.56 crore for the year ended march 31, 2005 when compared with rs ...

bank of maharashtra will become a partner in a joint venture in malaysia.according to a release issued by the bank to the ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) draft guidelines for purchase or sale of bad loans, issued today, suggested that banks ...

icici prudential life insurance company s annualised new business premium rose 77 per cent to rs 1,256 crore in 2004-05. its ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is planning to set up a separate monetary management cell by carving out monetary policy ...

foreign microfinance institutions (mfis) operating in india may have to seek the approval of the home ministry to be eligible to ...

the spot rupee, which opened at 43.70 per dollar, closed on a weak note at 43.74 per dollar on buying by an oil ...

the international finance corporation(ifc),world bank s private lending arm, today said it was keen to increase its exposure in ...

the deposit mobilisation drive of banks launched in march, ahead of the financial year-end 2004-05, has extended to the first two ...

citibank, the pioneer in the domestic auto loan market, has lost its number one slot to icici bank. icici bank had already ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to come out with comprehensive guidelines on transfer of non-performing assets (npas) ...

the spot rupee, which opened at 43.75 per dollar, closed on a firm note at 43.71 per dollar on dollar sales by ...

srei internatinal finance, an infrastructure equipment and finance company, along with its associate company indian ...

small industries development bank of india (sidbi) through its sme growth fund having a corpus of rs 500 crore has taken equity ...

the state bank of india (chennai, local headoffice) has signed a memorandum of understanding with d1 mohan bio, to finance an ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) will hit the market with its second public offer on april 25 for raising up to rs 1,700 ...

foreign exchange reserves moved up $297 million to $141.204 billion for the week ended april 1, 2005, according to the weekly ...

state governments should be allowed to access markets directly for their borrowing requirements. like the centre, each state must ...

the life insurance corporation (lic), rajahmundry division, adjudged as the number one division in fiscal 2003-04 in the country ...

having identified textiles, steel, healthcare, education, wind energy and ceramic industries as focus areas for extending credit, ...

finance minister p chidambaram today said that the mergers of state-owned banks will not affect the public sector character of ...

international monetary fund officials at their meeting with the reserve bank of india is learnt to have forecast a moderation in ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) chairman, c s rao, today urged life insurance companies for greater ...

the insurance industry has grown by 83 per cent since the opening up of the sector. remarking on the performance of the insurance ...

unit-linked insurance plans could come under a cloud as the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has threatened ...

the spot rupee closed on a steady note at 43.76 per dollar today.the rupee is expected to open in the range of 43.76-79 ...

finance minister p chidambaram today said that the public sector character of the merged entity would not be diluted while ...

prices of government securities fell across maturities by 60-70 paise today, thus pushing up the yield. the yield on the 10-year ...

india s largest private sector insurance company, icici prudential life insurance crossed milestone of covering 2 lakh people in ...

the twelfth finance commission is expected to unveil a debt relief scheme to finance secretaries of the states tomorrow in ...

standard poor s (s p) on thursday said corporate credit quality in asia, excluding japan, continues to improve, a trend ...

sunanda lahiri, general manager handling investment and international business, at kolkata based uco bank, is set to take over as ...

the us-headquartered western union financial services plans to launch domestic money transfers in association with the indian ...

international monetary fund chief rodrigo rato has warned that any further sharp increases in oil prices may have more serious ...

the spot rupee, which opened at 43.78 per dollar, closed higher at 43.74 per dollar due to steady inflows.sentiment ...

mangalore based corporation bank has revised interest rates on nre and fcnr deposits with effect from april 1. the revised ...

the state bank of travancore has tied up with the centre for development of imaging technology to host and maintain the bank s ...

the specified undertaking of uti or uti-i has managed to dispose of around 25 per cent of the real estate assets held by it. ...

the investment arm of the singapore government and the dubai-based emirates financial services (efs) would be investing close to ...

the national bank for agricultural and rural development (nabard) is attempting to tap top corporates to further its mandate of ...

the yield on the ten-year benchmark 7.38 per cent 2015 closed at a high of 6.82 per cent on wednesday as against a close of 6.73 ...

in a step towards securing the indian banking and financial sector, the institute for development and research in banking ...

frequent flyers have reason to smile as banks and airliners are offering a plethora of co-branded credit cards which offer ...

icici onesource ltd today completed the acquisition of rev it systems, a chennai based healthcare outsourcer. the acquisition ...

the spot rupee, which opened at 43.78 per dollar, closed a tad higher at 43.76 per dollar on steady inflows.sentiment was ...

mangalore-based karnataka bank ltd has raised the interest rates on its non-resident (external) rupee deposit scheme with effect ...

corporation bank s total business as on march 31 stood at rs 45,808 crore, recording a growth of 23.50 per cent over the previous ...

cosmos co-operative bank ltd has joined the fray with saraswat co-operative bank to acquire the troubled maratha mandir ...

with capital charge on market risk of government securities becoming applicable in fiscal 2005-06, bankers are pressing the ...

citibank is on an expansion drive in the second rung cities of india. it will soon open branches at vapi in gujarat and in ...

a year after taking over reins of bajaj allianz life insurance company as chief executive officer, sam ghosh has steered the ...

the yield on the benchmark 10-year paper, five days after the fixed income money market and derivatives association pegged the ...

bond dealers are walking away with hefty bonuses even though volumes in the bond market have been shrinking on lacklustre ...

the spot rupee, which slipped to an intra-day low of 43.85 per dollar, closed at 43.78 per dollar as against the monday close of ...

india inc s resource mobilisation through rights issue increased three-fold to rs 3,616 crore during 2004-05, but lagged behind ...

as many as 25 participants from 15 institutions working in the field of microfinance in eight countries, are participating in a ...

citigroup foundation has extended a grant of $3.5 million to the ahmedabad-based indian school of microfinance for women (ismw) ...

in order to check the fiscal position of states, the reserve bank of india has advised the setting up of a consolidated sinking ...

the punjab national bank (pnb) will be one of the first few public sector banks to exercise the new-found freedom following the ...

icici bank, the 51 per cent owner of the asset management company that operates the joint venture pruicici mutual fund, is ...

selling like hot cakes, future plus, the unit-linked pension plan of the life insurance corporation of india (lic), has already ...

the food corporation of india (fci) mopped up a record rs 3,023 crore through its second private placement of a rs 1,000 crore ...

commercial banks would have to follow stringent accounting norms in future on sales of assets through securitisation. the indian ...

in future there may be a fluid use of capital in banks, an approach that has been called the just-in-time balance sheet ...

tracking an appreciating dollar globally, the spot rupee opened at 43.78 per dollar and dropped to 43.7950 per dollar in ...

with government proposing to give flexibility to the reserve bank of india (rbi) in fixing prudential limits, bankers expect a ...

the exit of vikram pandit, president of institutional securities at morgan stanley, and guru ramakrishnan, global head of trading ...

the malaprabha grameena bank, the regional rural bank catering to dharwad, belgaum, haveri and gadag districts has registered a ...

mangalore-based private sector bank karnataka bank has surpassed its business turnover target of rs 17,000 crore for the ...

liquidity is the main factor keeping the indian financial market buoyant. foreign portfolio inflows and proceeds of corporate ...

after being on the run from law for nine years, the most wanted fugitive in the multi-crore indian bank scam, m varadharajalu, ...

singapore s largest bank, dbs bank, has embarked on an expansion of its operations in india. it is entering into investment ...

the market is confident of forex inflows this week. foreign portfolio investments in indian equities is not the only source of ...

it s that time of the year when companies will first work out their borrowing programme for the entire fiscal and only thereafter ...

credit rating agency icra said that indian banks, notably state-owned entities, will have to raise rs 12,000 crore more capital ...

icici bank has revised interest rates on nre savings account and nre fixed deposits by 0.61% and 0.47%, respectively, across ...

foreign exchange reserves declined $1.223 billion to $140.907 billion for the week ended march 25, 2005 when compared with ...

central bank of india, one among the four unlisted public sector banks, is likely to get the centre s nod to restructure its ...

s c gupta, chairman and managing director (cmd) of indian overseas bank, is likely to head punjab national bank once the ...

faced with high credit growth and low deposit accretion, banks are being forced to seek innovative means to access float funds or ...

the corporate sector should disclose unhedged and open positions in their market operations to their banks as a gesture of good ...

punjab national bank (pnb) plans to hive-off its rural branches and merge them into a separate entity in 1-2 years, executive ...

union bank of india has achieved the target of doing business of over rs 1 lakh crore for the current year. according to ...

allahabad bank, which is set to make a foray into the international markets with the opening of a subsidiary in kazakhstan in ...

after a break of four years, the reserve bank of india (rbi) is set to give the green signal to punjab national bank (pnb) to set ...

icici bank has emerged as the largest seller of bad loans, 134 cases worth rs 8,450 crore, to the asset reconstruction company of ...

leading public sector banks were seen striking off-market deals in bonds yesterday to beat down yields on government securities ...

the spot rupee, which opened at 43.78 per dollar, firmed up to close at 43.74 per dollar on steady inflows. the rupee dropped a ...

public sector banks, foreign banks and primary dealers seem to be divided over the closing levels of the yield on ten-year ...

idbi homefinance ltd today raised its retail prime lending rate (rplr) by 25 basis points to 9.5 per cent with effect from march ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today announced an increase in the aggregate normal ways means advances of state ...

the yield on ten-year benchmark 7.38 per cent 2015 paper is likely to close in a wide range of 6.60-70 per cent while the spot ...

sugar mills that want to take a loan restructuring package from the banking sector or are already availing of one, might have to ...

the spot rupee, which moved up to 43.79 per dollar in intra-day deals, closed on a steady note at 43.81 per dollar ...

indian banks, which have strengthened their balance sheets, will trigger mergers and acquisitions to conform to stringent ...

punjab national bank (pnb) today returned three crore equity shares of rs 10 - each to the government of india.according ...

banks and financial institutions are tapping the external commercial borrowing (ecb) market for raising short-term funds even as ...

a special clearing session of the mangalore bankers clearing house will be held on march 31 at 6 pm to facilitate the payment of ...

the infrastructure development finance company (idfc) will take into account stock market conditions before finally deciding on ...

the karnataka bank limited is expecting an 18 to 20 per cent increase in its net profits during this fiscal. last fiscal, the ...

unichem laboratories, a rs 500 crore plus pharmaceutical company, today acquired an active pharmaceutical ingredients (api) ...

the national housing bank (nhb) has for the first time in india launched a residential mortgage backed securities (rmbs) scheme ...

the banking sector s wage settlement is yet to be signed the bone of contention being the redefinition of pension benefits which ...

the rate of defaults in debt instruments rated by crisil is on the decline since 2000. crisil s annual default rates for the five ...

the rupee failed to hold onto its early gains as strengthening dollar against the major overseas currencies coupled with fall in ...

kotak mahindra old mutual life insurance ltd (kotak om life) has embarked on a two pronged strategy to double its premium income ...

employees of the surat peoples co-operative bank ltd, on monday, staged demonstrations to protest the illegal suspension of one ...

punjab national bank (pnb) is set to return about rs 1,170 crore to its promoter government of india this weak before the end of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is unlikely to allow commercial banks to use the investment fluctuation reserve (ifr) for setting ...

the government is planning to raise rs 83,000 crore from the market in the first half of the next fiscal, according to the ...

the spot rupee, which opened at 43.81 per dollar, firmed up to close at 43. 78 per dollar on sustained ...

dr. y.v. reddy, governor of reserve bank of india (rbi), will announce the annual policy statement for 2005-06 on april 28, ...

the holdings of foreign institutional investors (fiis) and non-resident indians (nris) in punjab national bank (pnb) has gone up ...

punjab national bank (pnb) and allahabad bank will finalise the plan for a 60 40 joint venture in kazakhstan with an initial ...

dena bank is to issue unsecured, non convertible, redeemable subordinated bonds (tier ii bonds series viii) with a face value of ...

mangalore-based karnataka bank limited will launch moneyplant international debit card on march 29, said ananthakrishna, chairman ...

the committees set up by the state government to look into the issue of the defaulters of co-operative banks have started their ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) and state bank of india (sbi) have sanctioned a rs 400 crore loan to jindal ...

punjab national bank (pnb) is planning to list the additional eight crore shares allotted recently to investors on march ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $1.701 billion to $142.13 billion for the week ended march 18, 2005, according to the weekly ...

the beleaguered madhavpura mercantile co-operative bank ltd (mmcb) might not be able to recover around rs 375 crore from ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has ordered liquidation of mumbai-based the raghuvanshi cooperative bank, which was under a ...

banks in the state are confident of surpassing the target of disbursement of rs 6,091 crore as agriculture credit for the year ...

despite the convergence of a slew of negative factors, the medium-term outlook for the rupee remains bullish, said u ...

the reserve bank of india is understood to have expressed its willingness to offer consultancy services for fund managenment for ...

yes bank intends to enter merchant banking and investment banking business. the bank is also looking at bancassurance through a ...

the reserve bank of india is likely to rework the mechanism for fixing the bidding commitment for primary dealers 0sat primary ...

believe it or not, some banks are actually taking one-year deposits offering an interest rate of over 7 per cent and lending ...

the spot rupee opened at 43.82 per dollar, but moved up on sustained inflows and selling ahead of the long weekend to close at ...

k c chakrabarty, executive director of punjab national bank (pnb), today said the bank has got the necessary approvals for ...

the indusind bank will have its 150th branch by the end of march. ten new branches will be opened in a week. executive vp suresh ...

smaller deals in the government bond market are set to gain from the maharashtra government s decision to reduce stamp duty by 95 ...

centurion bank has raised $70 million (about rs 300 crore) through a issue of 14,583,300 global depositary receipts (gdrs) at a ...

the government is contemplating a separate regulator for cooperative banks and restrict the role of the reserve bank of india ...

the housing development finance corporation ltd (hdfc) jointly with state bank of india (sbi) launched a venture capital fund, ...

the spot rupee opened at 43. 74 per dollar. the dollar rally in overseas markets and importer-demand saw the rupee slip to close ...

centurion bank has raised $70 million (about rs 300 crore) by issuing 1,45,83,300 gdrs at $4.80 per gdr.according to a ...

employees of around 270 bank branches, both private sector and public sector, in mysore district joined the one-day strike call ...

holders of pension plans, sold by private insurance companies, could see their bonuses vastly slashed if the income tax ...

corporate india and multinational companies (mncs) companies are seeking to discourage employees from putting more and more money ...

this strike the banking industry saved rs 55 crore on account of salary payable to the award staff as well as officers who ...

close to one million bank employees took part in a nation-wide strike today, paralysing banking transactions across the country. ...

provident funds (pfs) willing to invest five per cent of their incremental inflows in the equity markets will not be able to make ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor y v reddy today called upon the non banking finance companies (nbfcs) to voluntarily move ...

trading in the forex and bond markets was affected with psu bank employees on a one-day strike today.the spot rupee, ...

y v reddy, governor of reserve bank of india, met representatives of the finance industry development council (fidc), a ...

icici bank has opened an office in the south african city of johannesburg to capitalise on india s growing ties with african ...

a k purwar, chairman of state bank of india, today ruled out physical merger of associate banks with itelf in the near future, ...

banking operations in the country s financial capital especially at branches of state-owned banks were hit today by a nation-wide ...

the indian farmers fertiliser co-operative ltd (iffco)-tokio general insurance, a company providing insurance scheme to farmers, ...

allahabad bank plans to kick off operations in hong kong and kazakhstan. in its red herring prospectus submitted to the ...

the government has named industrial development bank of india (idbi) chairman v p shetty as the chairman and the executive ...

after a long gap, the foreign exchange market today witnessed long-term covering of payment dues by importers. the pressure on ...

the $42 billion metlife inc aims to replicate its success story in the us in india where it today holds a 26 per cent market ...

close on the heels of uti bank s global depository receipts (gdr) issue, centurion bank is firming up plans to raise around $ 65 ...

sentiment was bearish in the forex market today. the rupee, after touching an intra-day high of 43.66 per dollar, declined to ...

r.n. bhardwaj, chairman, accompanied by a.k. shukla, managing director and ashok shah, zonal manager (north zone) of lic of ...

allahabad bank will tap the market early next fiscal to raise about rs 900 crore.o n singh, chairman of allahabad bank, ...

the government securities market is expected to remain lacklustre this week as investors would remain on the sidelines on account ...

the rupee is expected to be kept in a tight range this week. apart from the impact of the overseas dollar movements, the rupee ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has assessed the potential for horticulture in tamil nadu that ...

euronet services india, the electronic payment solutions provider, is seeking the approval of the reserve bank of india (rbi) to ...

foreign exchange reserves zoomd past the $140 billion-mark to $140.429 billion for the week ended march 11, 2005 when compared ...

forex exchange reserves rose $2.87 billion to touch a record high of $140.429 billion for the week ended march 11 as against the ...

kotak mahindra old mutual life insurance is looking at spreading its wings to visakhapatnam and vijayawada in the next fiscal. ...

icici bank on friday priced its sponsored american depository share (ads) issue at $21.11 per share. the pricing was at a premium ...

state bank of india (sbi) is planning to deploy about 5,000 employees as marketing personnel and relationship managers across the ...

foreign direct investment (fdi) in the insurance sector should match that given to the pension sector, as the two are related, ...

yes bank, in its red herring prospectus filed with the securities and exchange board of india, said rabobank international ...

the spot rupee closed unchanged at 43.66 per dollar, recovering from the day s low of 43.70 per dollar.dollar buying on ...

icici bank s sponsored american depositary shares (ads) offering registered with the us securities and exchange commission has ...

introducing the concept of privileged banking, bank of india(boi) has launched star diamond savings account(sdsa) , a newly ...

hdfc bank and yes bank are likely to pick up around 10 per cent and about 3 per cent stake respectively in the national ...

state bank of india (sbi) is planning to rope in corporates into micro-finance. the largest commercial bank in the country is ...

a proposal to allow foreign banks an option to exit from a corporate debt restructuring (cdr) package has failed to get through. ...

kalupur commercial co-operative bank (kccb) has become the first gujarat co-operative bank to foray into bancassurance after it ...

the spot rupee slipped 3 paise to close at 43.66 per dollar on demand from psu banks and corporates after crude prices crossed ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today allowed fiis to buy up to 30% of equity shares or debentures of kotak mahindra ...

close on the heels of the appointment of an administrator for the crisis-hit metro co-operative bank, the reserve bank of india ...

many players are entering the home loan market with promotional offers, which may be a good opportunity for existing borrowers to ...

the deposit insurance and credit guarantee corporation (dicgc) today decided to raise the deposit insurance premium to 10 paise ...

following the takeover of private sector global trust bank (gtb) by state-run oriental bank of commerce (obc), about 367 ...

yes bank, the newest private sector bank, is likely to price its initial public offer (ipo) at around rs 50 per share. the bank ...

canara bank is picking up around 7 per cent stake in central depository services ltd (cdsl), one of the two depository ...

uti bank s issue of 40.49 million global depository receipts (gdr) for $239.3 million (excluding the green shoe option of $35.9 ...

the acquisition of the erstwhile global trust bank (gtb) has adversely affected the operations and financial condition of ...

the spot rupee opened at 43.61 per dollar, and dipped to 43.66 per dollar on buying by psu banks. it finally closed at ...

yes bank, the new private sector bank, has filed a draft red herring prospectus with sebi for its initial public offering (ipo) ...

the board of directors of south indian bank will meet on march 31, 2005 to consider a proposal for raising more capital by ...

the integration process of global trust bank (gtb) with oriental bank of commerce (obc) would be completed by june 2006. this was ...

visa international, one of the world s leading payment facilitator will don a new look in the coming months. the company has ...

the tamil nadu based lakshmi vilas bank (lvb) has firmed up plans to raise rs 44.57 crore through a 7 20 rights issue priced at ...

punjab national bank (pnb) will not be merging the beleaguered ifci with itself after the government decided against extending ...

life insurance corporation (lic) employees of the northern region would go on a day-long token strike on march 31 demanding an ...

the spot rupee opened at 43.56 per dollar, and firmed up to 43. 53 per dollar on sustained inflows. buying by psu banks saw ...

life insurance corporation (lic) has sanctioned rs 400 crore to jet airways for fleet acquisition, minister of state for finance ...

state bank of india (sbi), was yet to firm up its plans on taking over uti asset management company, the largest mutual fund ...

it is not just the banking cash withdrawal tax (bcwt) but the proposed section 206a in the income tax act that has the ...

the position of urban co-operative banks (ucbs) in south gujarat, particularly surat, has improved in the last five years, ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) expects to get about 200 microfinance institutions assessed by ...

indian bank plans to tap the equity market next fiscal to bolster its tier-i capital following a 25 per cent growth in advances ...

bracing itself for increased competition from foreign and private banks, dena bank, one of the weak public sector banks, has ...

banks have embarked upon a wave of selling of illiquid securities by banks in the bonds market as they want to book profits with ...

the spot rupee opened at 43.60 per dollar and moved up to 43.50 per dollar on sustained inflows. buying by psu banks at that ...

the 3 1 rights issue of ing vysya bank at a premium of rs 35 per share will open tomorrow.according to a release issued ...

corporation bank entered its centenary year on saturday. from a humble beginning with a capital of rs 5,000 and a deposit of rs ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) has filed the prospectus with sebi for its public offer to raise about rs 2,000 crore in the ...

following the purchase of 2% stake in multi commodity exchange (mcx), hdfc bank is now planning to pick up a stake in national ...

after more than doubling profits in 2004, sbi capital markets (sbi caps), the investment banking subsidiary of sbi, has decided ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $1.901 billion to $137.559 billion for the week ended march 4, 2005, according to the weekly ...

forex reserves moved up by $1.9 billion to touch the $137.55 billion mark for the week ended march 04, according to a weekly ...

indian banks have about five years to shape up to face the challenges of unfettered competition, and banks need to introduce ...

maintaining his view that interest rates would be stable in the short term, state bank of india (sbi) chairman a k purwar said ...

icici bank today reported its net income under the us generally accepted accounting practices (gaap) for the nine months ended ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) governor y v reddy today said the special purpose vehicle (spv) proposed for infrastructure ...

icici bank has increased its stake in prudential icici asset management company to 51 per cent, thus reducing prudential plc s ...

idbi bank has launched india s first online direct tax payment facility in hyderabad. individuals and corporate taxpayers can now ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is learnt to have suggested to the gujarat government to come out with recapitalisation bonds, in ...

the spot rupee opened at 43.59 per dollar, but sustained inflows and lack of buying by psu banks saw the rupee firm up to 43.57 ...

the public offer of eight crore shares by punjab national bank, which closed today, has attracted bids for 104.37 crore ...

y v reddy, governor of reserve bank of india, today said the inflation for 2004-05 will be lower than the estimated 6.5%, and ...

state bank of india (sbi) is planning to raise tier-ii capital (subordinated debt) worth rs 3,000-4,000 crore to support credit ...

icici bank and prudential of the united kingdom prudential) today announced that they are restructuring the shareholding in ...

deutsche securities today bought about 3.7 per cent in hdfc bank at rs 713.4 crore. it bought 1.16 crore shares at rs 615 per ...

can the operations in the it and ites sectors affect the working of the insurance industry or can any change in the employee ...

private equity firm chrys cap mauritius proposal to acquire a 12.89 per cent stake in development credit bank (dcb) has been ...

it s promotion time across public sector banks. about 85 general managers from various banks will be interviewed for the post of ...

hdfc bank, one of india s largest private sector banks, announced its strategic participation in the equity of multi commodity ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is learnt to be restructuring itself in order to streamline operations. according to banking ...

the hongkong and shanghai banking corporation (hsbc) will infuse $150 million of capital in its indian operations this month to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today constituted a board for regulation and supervision of payment and settlement systems ...

the spot rupee firmed up to 43.59 per dollar as against the last close of 43.63 per dollar on strong inflows and lack of buying ...

hdfc bank has picked up equity stake in multi-commodity exchange of india (mcx).the exchange officials declined to ...

the board of directors of indian overseas bank (iob), which met today, has approved a proposal to raise equity capital from ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) has proposed to launch the third tranche of idbi omnibonds (2005) issue on march 10, ...

the government is considering relaxing the external commercial borrowings (ecb) norms and removing restrictions on foreign ...

commercial banks are likely to see a drastic reduction in their capital with the implementation of the stringent basel ii norms ...

aga khan fund for economic development (akfed), the principle shareholder in development credit bank (dcb), has decided to inject ...

the industrial development bank of india ltd s (idbi) proposal to the reserve bank of india (rbi) seeking priority sector status ...

dollar bearishness across the globe saw the spot rupee open at 43.70 per dollar, and close on a firm note at 43. 63 per dollar ...

as part of its drive to make banking more convenient for its customers, mangalore-based karnataka bank plans to increase its atm ...

the state bank of india (sbi) is planning to step up agricultural credit by entering into contract farming agreements with ...

bnp paribas will launch a non-banking finance company (nbfc) in the second quarter of 2005 for providing discretionary portfolio ...

the hinduja group-owned indusind bank aims to touch a million retail customers by the end of the next fiscal, via. targetted ...

the malaprabha grameena bank (m g bank) has raised the interest on deposits. the bank is offering a maximum of 6.50 per cent to ...

scores of indians who use the public provident fund (ppf) as a tax saving tool might now need to maintain three separate accounts ...

bank of india (boi), which has presence in 12 countries, has sought the approval of the reserve bank of india (rbi) to set up ...

hdfc standard life insurance managing director and ceo deepak satwalekar today flayed the different foreign direct investment ...

the government has decided to extend a budgetary support of rs 280 crore to help life insurance corporation expand overseas and ...

uti bank s maiden global depository receipts (gdr) issue of around $200 million is likely to open late next week. the bank has ...

the public offer of punjab national bank (pnb) in the price band of rs 350-390 per share was subscribed 4.88 times, according to ...

sentiment was bullish in the forex market today.the spot rupee opened at 43.72 per dollar, and moved up to 43.67 ...

rakesh mohan, economic affairs secretary, today said the financial system has surplus liquidity of about rs 1,00,000 crore due to ...

state bank of india (sbi) has signed a tripartite agreement with industrial groups and farmers to develop contract farming system ...

the second public offering of punjab national bank (pnb) was oversubscribed by two times within minutes of its opening ...

the left front is not in favour of mergers and acquisitions in the banking sector and would oppose it if it is attempted without ...

idbi bank is considering to increase the number of branches offering corporate banking services in the next financial year. the ...

the vijayawada region of the central bank of india, comprising 10 districts, achieved a 34 per cent increase in disbursal of ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) has chalked out an investment of about rs 3,000 crore in the power sector as part of ...

warren buffett has warned that the us trade deficit risks creating a sharecropper s society as his letter to berkshire ...

foreign exchange reserves zoomed $2.699 billion to $135.658 billion for the week ended february 25, 2005 when compared with the ...

the customary, post-budget meeting of the central board of the reserve bank of india (rbi) with the finance minister was held in ...

the new kid on the banking block has set up an e-bay centre at every atm which will enable customers make balance enquiries, get ...

the tax break in the budget proposal is open to people regardless of their income to an extent of rs 1 lakh, unlike the existing ...

s p proposes to buy out existing shareholders of crisil and acquire at least 51 per cent in the domestic rating agency. ...

the government will also make necessary amendment to the lic act to enable the state corporation to have reserves. the hike in ...

the regulator has suggested that crar in respect of these banks may be replaced with a net owned funds to net demand and time ...

the failure of karnataka central cooperative (kcc) bank to recover the outstanding dues of rs 357 crore has sent co-operative ...

the south central zone of insurance behemoth, life insurance corporation of india (lic), has launched a unit-linked pension plan ...

fifty seven branches of indian bank in krishna, guntur and prakasam districts, which come under the vijayawada circle, disbursed ...

indian banks, notably state-owned entities, will need rs 11,900 crore more capital for meeting operational risks alone, and may ...

call rates ended sharply lower at 4.25-4.50% at the overnight call money market today due to limited demand amidst ample ...

life insurance corporation (lic) of india launched a unit linked pension plan future plus today. the plan comes with a ...

finance minister p chidambaram will hold discussions with reserve bank of india (rbi) the monetary policy implications of budget ...

the finance minister s effort to check tax evasion by slapping a nominal tax on cash withdrawals may, indeed, force moneybags ...

he handed over charge of canara bank to the bangalore-based bank s executive director b swaminathan. shetty will fly down to ...

rbi said after a periodical review, it has decided that banks should make meaningful disclosures of their derivatives portfolio ...

our new plans will mostly be unit-linked based. there is an advantage in this since the investment risk is passed on to the ...

former government employees are not permitted to take up positions post retirement for a period of two years, without the ...

the issue would also help the government generate rs 1,050-1,170 crore as disinvestment receipts as the realisation from the sale ...

bank of new york (bny) along with six fiis have acquired a total of 18.5 per cent in lic housing finance following its bod s ...

the spot rupee, which touched an intra-day high of 43.64 per dollar in intra-day deals, closed at 43.73 per dollar on buying by ...

punjab national bank (pnb) has fixed the price band for its eight crore share offer at rs 350-390 per share.according to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) said foreign institutional investors (fiis), non-resident indians (nris) and persons of indian ...

union finance minister p chidambaram while delivering his budget speech on monday said that co-operative banks in india, with a ...

kolkata-based retail finance company, magma leasing limited, has tied up with national insurance company limited, to launch a ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh), the associate bank of state bank of india (sbi), has inaugurated its 100th branch which provides ...

the mumbai high court receiver has taken possession of the assets of ahmedabad-based mardia chemicals ltd in a case filed by ...

indian overseas bank (iob) today announced that a meeting of its board of directors is to be held on march 10, 2005, to consider ...

corporation bank has revised the interest rates on nre term deposits up to 0.4 per cent across different maturities with effect ...

bindra is the head of stanchart s newly-carved out south asia region. low left for south korea at the end of january 2005, having ...

standard poor s (s p) credit analyst ping chew said the budget has shown a lack of success in reducing the country s ...

idbi has urged the rbi to consider its overseas borrowings after april 1, 2005 for compliance with the external borrowing ...

add to that the inconvenience factor at bank branches. no wonder, most of the bankers feel that the proposal will not be passed ...

whenever we have carried out search operations, we have invariably found large sums of cash that have passed through the banking ...

there is enough liquidity in the system. one does not see a problem in borrowing, economic affairs secretary rakesh mohan told ...

the rupee touched an intra-day high of 43.69 per dollar on strong inflows. buying by psu banks saw the rupee shed gains, and ...

the board of directors of corporation bank at their meeting held today have approved the proposal for merger of chikmagalur ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will be able to carry out the government borrowing programme in the next fiscal without much ...

the finance bill has proposed tax benefit for bank mergers. a bank merged with another loss-making bank will get the benefit of ...

banks may make a beeline to raise capital through the issue of preference shares as there is a huge cost advantage involved ...

reserve bank of india has liberalised norms regarding setting up of new branches by indian banks abroad and also for foreign ...

the spot rupee, which hit an intra-day high of 43.67 per dollar, closed on a steady note at 43.72 per dollar ...

state bank of india (sbi) today raised the interest rates on new nri term deposits. the revised rate for deposits of one ...

yes bank is planning an initial public offering (ipo) to raise over rs 300 crore and tier-ii capital of rs 100 crore before june ...

the government will give about rs 495 crore to idbi as part of an adb line of credit, implementing the usaid greenhouse pollution ...

life insurance corporation (lic) will get about rs 280 crore from the government for hiking its capital base.the finance ...

canfin homes today launched three non-housing finance products as it aims to increase its business by 30% during the next ...

three critical aspects deserve emphasis. first, the budget operationalises the commitments of the national common minimum ...

the budget is pro-agriculture and rural development. it recognises that given the fall in growth in agriculture it is necessary ...

the budget turns out to be a damp squib for provident fund managers and, more importantly, employers. but the absence of ...

interest rates are not likely to harden, given the government s move to bring in extra liquidity into the economy through the crr ...

for the corporate sector, this budget promises a significant boost. a number of initiatives will add to both top line and ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) today made it clear that domestic private banks can be foreign owned up to 74% and voting rights in ...

the spot rupee firmed up to 43.68 per dollar as against the last weekend close of 43.73 per dollar on sustained inflows and lack ...

in a major benefit to nris, finance minister p chidambaram today extended tax exemption on interest in non-resident (external) ...

borrowings will continue to be the mainstay of government resources, accounting for 25 paise of each rupee revenue in 2005-06, ...

centre s market borrowing is set to go up by 42% to rs 1,00,836 crore in 2005-06 as the government faces the uphill task of ...

the trustees of hmt s rs 40.43 crore bond issue today received a letter from the company stating that the central government has ...

icici lombard has firmed up a rs 50 crore investment plan for enhancing its rural network and has also entered into talks with ...

a new national health programme is expected to be announced shortly where local panchayats will be the nodal agency in marketing ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $2.979 billion to $132.959 billion for the week ended february 18, 2005 from $129.98 billion ...

the spot rupee slipped to 43.73 per dollar as against the last close of 43.69 per dollar on sustained buying by psu banks ...

french banking group bnp paribas is exploring opportunities for acquisition of assets under management of private banking ...

after announcing a package of managerial autonomy for public sector banks, the union finance ministry proposes to dismantle the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has disputed industrial development bank of india s (idbi) interpretation of asset classification ...

the union budget for 2005-06 is likely to double the tax benefit available under section 80 ccc(i) to rs 20,000 for investments ...

the spot rupee opened at 43.73 per dollar, and gained to 43.64 per dollar on selling by foreign banks. the rupee finally closed ...

the board of directors of vijaya bank today cleared a proposal to pay an interim dividend of 15% for fy05. this was announced in ...

punjab national bank (pnb) has initialised efforts to merge its regional rural banks (rrbs) in haryana, punjab and uttar pradesh ...

last month, managers at icici prudential life received a flurry of queries from worried customers and prospective ones on the ...

the appointments board of the finance ministry will meet eight executive directors (eds) of public sector banks (psbs) on march 4 ...

the rs 6,300 crore sale of state development loan (sdl) today closed without garnering full subscription. this the second ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) will complete the integration of all its functions with idbi bank within five years ...

the government has asked industrial development bank of india (idbi) to extinguish the 2.5 per cent of its holding in idbi bank ...

asian development bank (adb) is working on a grand plan to link kabul with bangkok and hanoi through india as a part of its goal ...

a high level team of asian development bank (adb) consisting of six executive directors would be visiting the indian institute of ...

sentiment was bullish in the forex market today. heavy inflows saw the rupee, which opened at 43.74 per dollar, touch an ...

the board of directors of bank of punjab today approved a proposal to issue 2,42,85,176 equity shares at rs 38 per share to raise ...

indiabulls financial services will raise upto $60 million through global depository receipts (gdrs) from the international ...

the reserve bank of india has extended the anti-money laundering guidelines applicable to banks to non-banking financial ...

after food corporation of india s (fci) rs 1,000- crore bond issue yesterday, the corporation has said it intends to borrow ...

bank rakyat indonesia (bri) has entered into a $600,000 deal with infrasoft technologies to put in place the world s largest ...

detariffing of the local insurance industry should not be rushed into. nor should it be undertaken in a piecemeal fashion, ...

the industrial development bank of india ltd (idbi ltd) is planning to clear around rs 10,000-12,000 crore of high-cost debt in ...

bank managers expect, actually hope, that the budget will outline a roadmap for bank mergers which are currently on hold, in view ...

the maharashtra government is set to workout a fresh proposal seeking a structural adjustment loan (sal) from the world bank ...

the finance ministry today announced a new set of norms for public sector banks to grant them more managerial ...

the spot rupee moved up to 43.76 per dollar today as against the last close of 43.83 per dollar on dollar weakness in overseas ...

punjab national bank (pnb) will merge loss-making industrial finance corporation of india (ifci) with itself only if the ...

bank of india (boi), as part of its overseas plans, is planning to raise foreign currency funds through medium term bonds. the ...

icici bank on monday announced a second public offering of bonds to raise rs 800 crore, after raising over rs 1,200 crore earlier ...

asset reconstruction companies (arcs) have moved the finance ministry seeking a tax status that is on a par with mutual funds. as ...

state bank of india (sbi) plans to cover nearly 85 per cent of its business under its core banking solution by end of march 2006. ...

punjab national bank (pnb) has embarked on its second round of restructuring essentially a four-pronged strategy to make it ...

state bank of india (sbi), andhra pradesh circle, will be opening 40 more branches and about 100 atms across the state next ...

sentiment was dull in the forex market today. with the us markets closed, the spot market witnessed a range-bound ...

punjab national bank (pnb) plans to announce the price-band for the second public issue of eight crore equity shares on march 4, ...

state bank of india (sbi) is planning to shift about 85% of its total business transactions to the core banking solution (cbs) by ...

government securities may rally in the run up to the budget. inflation rate is likely to fall below 5 per cent next week even as ...

intervention of the reserve bank of india is crucial for the movement of the spot rupee. inflows from foreign institutional ...

the market is set to witness a major float this week. food corporation of india is likely to borrow around rs 1,000 crore at 7.30 ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) today ruled out any further acquisitions for a year as it was now concentrating on synergising ...

the upcoming budget is likely to push for banking reforms and lay the foundation for hassle-free mergers of banks by bringing ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $1.066 billion to $129.98 billion for the week ended february 11, 2005 from $128.914 billion ...

canara bank signed a memorandum of understanding with united india insurance company on thursday to distribute the insurer s ...

j n godbole, senior most executive director of idbi, will run the operations of the bank till the government names damodaran s ...

punjab national bank is exploring the possibility of setting up a subsidiary in the united kingdom in addition to branches and ...

an air of uneasiness prevailed in the 23-storeyed idbi towers at cuffe parade in south mumbai as news of the abrupt exit of m ...

canara bank has raised tier ii capital of rs 500 crore via private placement of bonds, a company release said here on friday. the ...

provident fund trustees today are forced to invest in the bonds of public sector undertakings (psus), which are of suspect ...

the associate banks officers association (aboa) in a press release has said that they were in favour of formation of an ...

standard poor s (s p) today said it was examining the circumstances surrounding the missed interest payments by two ...

sentiment was bearish in the forex market today. the spot rupee opened at 43.80 per dollar, and closed on a weak note at 43.85 ...

bonds shed early gains after the release of inflation data. the yield on the 10-year bond rose to 6.4662% against the early ...

the karnataka bank has announced an upward revision of domestic term deposit rates with effect from february 21 on fresh deposits ...

the malaprabha grameena bank signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with the shell solar company, bangalore on thursday for ...

central bank of india might need to infuse capital into its housing finance arm cent bank home finance to write off the huge non ...

union bank of india is setting up retail outlets across the country in a bid to ramp up its retail portfolio. the public sector ...

huge accretion to the liquid schemes of mutual funds and the urge to window-dress balance sheets have led to a rush for deposits. ...

keeping its option of a public offer open, state bank of india (sbi) plans to mop up rs 3,000-4,000 crore through bonds this ...

sentiment was bearish in the forex market today. the spot rupee opened at 43.75 per dollar, and moved up to an intra-day high of ...

the gujarat government on tuesday superseded the board of the crisis-ridden century co-operative bank ltd, and appointed c v ...

the million dollar round table (mdrt), the global body of insurance agents, will take up with the us embassy the issue of grant ...

development credit bank (dcb) is soon provide demat accounts to its customers and is in the process of signing an memorandum of ...

the national housing bank (nhb) has raised its disbursement target for the year by 75 per cent from rs 4,000 crore to rs 7,000 ...

the mangalore-based karnataka bank limited is celebrating its founders day on february 18. the event will be held from 5 pm at ...

andhra bank on wednesday signed an mou with the institute of chartered financial analysts of india (icfai) for providing ...

the voluntary conditional open offer of standard poor s (s p) to raise its stake in the domestic rating agency crisil ...

the spot rupee opened at 43.78 per dollar, and went up to 43.83 per dollar in intra-day deals. it finally closed on a firm note ...

in what could be a major relief to policy holders, lic and other insurers are likely to absorb the 10% service tax and 2% ...

punjab national bank (pnb) has decided to hit the market on march 7 for raising close to rs 3,000 crore through its second public ...

ing vysya life earned premium income of rs 150 crore in the year to december, growing 312 per cent over the previous year, the ...

the state bank of india (sbi) has transferred slr securities in its portfolio from available for sale (afs) to held to ...

uti bank is planning to kick-start its overseas operations by setting up offices in dubai, singapore and sri lanka. the bank will ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has decided that all banks will adopt the standardised approach for credit risk and basic ...

insurance companies would have to wait a little longer before motor vehicle insurance business is freed from administered ...

the insurance regulatory development authority (irda) is planning to set up a school of actuarial sciences. the regulator in ...

ing vysya life insurance has increased its paid-up capital by rs 90 crore to rs 290 crore to keep pace with the projected 100 per ...

sentiment was volatile in the forex market today.the spot rupee opened at 43.80 per dollar, and gained all the way up to ...

in what could buoy the equity market next fiscal, life insurancecorporation (lic) said its equity exposure could go up to 10% ...

bank of baroda (bob) has received the government s approval for its second public issue even as another big public sector bank ...

federal bank aims to raise rs 600 crore to rs 750 crore in next fiscal through a combination of a public issue and a rights ...

the bhavnagar-based state bank of saurashtra (sbs) plans to bring all its 419 branches under the core banking solutions (cbs) ...

in a bid to cash in on the growth that gujarat has been experiencing, the dena bank is at present chalking out a resurgent ...

the urban co-operative banking (ucb) sector, caught in a crisis of late, has sought rationalisation of existing regulatory ...

the vijayawada zone of andhra bank, at the end of the third quarter of the current fiscal, has recorded a growth of 22.93 per ...

exchange rate movements tend to have linkages with interest rates in an environment of increasing capital flows, narrowing ...

the spot rupee, which opened at 43.76 77 per dollar, firmed up to 43.64 per dollar in intra-day deals. it, however, slipped ...

while new india assurance (nia), national insurance company (nic) and reliance general saw decline in their business, icici ...

the central government has approved a proposal of bank of baroda for its second public float.according to a release ...

in what could bring down home loan rates, the central board of trustees of employees provident fund organisation (epfo) is toying ...

the rupee rebounded from the month s lows today, with sentiment bolstered by rising regional currencies and robust export data. ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi), in consultation with the state governments, proposes to set up a state-level apex body to solve ...

government securities will continue to rally this week as well as positive triggers outweigh the negatives. even as oil prices ...

the market may see a few primary issues this week as yields on corporate bonds have started declining after the rally in prices ...

the system will be flush with liquidity with a possible surge in capital flows through proceeds of external commercial borrowings ...

foreign exchange reserves declined $806 million to $128.914 billion for the week ended february 4, 2005 when compared with ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is considering revising the guidelines on corporate debt restructuring (cdr) to allow foreign ...

the reserve bank of india and the government are understood to have decided to keep the market stabilisation scheme (mss) going ...

the reconstituted board of the aluva-based federal bank has decided to keep on hold the proposal to split the post of chairman ...

even as saraswat co-operative bank has evinced interest to merge with other urban co-operative banks, it has not submitted any ...

national housing bank (nhb) and housing finance companies have sought permission to raise overseas debt for reducing their cost ...

the government is likely to impose a higher capital adequacy ratio (car) on micro financing institutions (mfis) in the coming ...

housing development finance corporation ltd (hdfc) would be raising rs 2,000 crore in the next two months through bonds to fund ...

policyholders of the life insurance corporation of india (lic) will get 50 basis points more on the corporation s new investment ...

sentiment was volatile in the forex market today.the spot rupee, which opened at 43.69 per dollar, slipped to 43.83 per ...

life insurance corporation (lic) lost close to 10% market share due to cut-throat competition by private players, which has ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has allowed hdfc bank to raise its capital market exposure to 8 per cent of its outstanding ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today allowed foreign companies to issue their shares under employee stock option plans (esop) ...

the way has been paved for a consolidation in close to a dozen co-operative banks of the state with the reserve bank of india ...

the company law board (clb) has recommended a special cell within the registrar of companies (roc) to redress public grievances ...

tata power, india s largest private sector power player has launched $200 million through foreign currency convertible bonds to ...

after a gap of almost three months, the reserve bank of india has intervened in the foreign exchange market for the second ...

sentiment was choppy in the forex market today. the spot rupee opened at 43.68 per dollar, and moved up to 43.62 following forex ...

century co-operative bank has written to the reserve bank of india (rbi) and the surat district registrar to supersede the board ...

benjamin friedman, william joseph maier professor of political economy, harvard university, today said the indian monetary policy ...

indian overseas bank (iob) is to raise an overseas loan of $50 million (about rs 218 crore) next month for its foreign branch ...

max new york life is probably the first private life insurance company to have turned profitable in the fourth year of its ...

allahabad bank has decided to merge its six regional rural banks (rrbs) in uttar pradesh into one entity where it will hold 35 ...

the spot rupee slipped to 43.70 per dollar on buying by psu banks and greenback rally in the overseas markets ...

state bank of india (sbi) plans to set up a call centre with over 100 seats in the next fiscal as part of its plans to network ...

dollar upsurge and the sliding oil prices failed to lift the us market sentiment on monday. while the nasdaq was down five points ...

the treasury departments of banks could well outdo hedge funds in the way they churn their portfolios. they enter and exit stocks ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today directed non-banking finance companies (nbfc s) to ensure that at all times there is full ...

the centre is understood to be reviewing the entire gamut of tax benefits on small savings schemes, the plan being to gradually ...

the indian banks association (iba) has made a strong pitch before the government for around a seven-time hike in the salary of ...

the reserve bank of india today announced a cut-off yield of 7.34 per cent at the auction of the 8.35 per cent 2022 government ...

centurion bank is likely to tap both domestic and foreign markets for raising as much as rs 600 crore for stregthening its ...

punjab national bank has fixed february 11, 2005 as the specified date for ascertaining eligible existing shareholders who shall ...

the us non-farm payroll data, which showed 146,000 new jobs being created as against the expectation of 200,000, is likely to be ...

prices of government securities are expected to rally this week, albeit the upside is capped by the cut-off yield to be announced ...

a number of banks, including state bank of bikaner and jaipur, are expected to float tier-ii bonds this week. the secondary ...

with us non-farm payroll data much below expectations, money market participants are confident that foreign exchange inflows ...

under attack from left parties over the proposed banking reform roadmap, the government is expected to come out with stringent ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $291 million during the week ended january 28, 2005 to $1,29.720 billion, according to the ...

the us indices ended with strong gains on the last of the current trading week, with the dow jones surging 123 points to 10,716 ...

the hongkong and shanghai banking corporation (hsbc) opened its 39 branch in india and the second in gujarat at vadodara on ...

the merger of the maratha mandir co-operative bank with saraswat co-operative bank ltd is expected to kick off the consolidation ...

the bombings in iraq, the maoists fighting in nepal, the strife in the middle east, al-qaeda - all of these, it seems, have had ...

the spot rupee, which dropped to a low of 43.51 per dollar in intra-day deals, closed on a weak note at 43.47 per dollar as ...

asset reconstruction company (india) ltd (arcil) has lamented the banks reluctance to sell their non-performing assets (npas) at ...

putting up a brave face, r n bhardwaj, chairman of life insurance of india (lic) said that private insurance companies have had ...

state bank of india (sbi) vijayawada zone, comprising 187 branches in the krishna, guntur and west godavari districts, clocked a ...

aditya puri has been awarded best chief executive officer in india by asia money magazine. heading hdfc bank as managing ...

the ministry of labour s decision to examine whether or not to implement the revised investment norms for provident funds managed ...

saraswat cooperative bank ltd. has submitted proposals to acquire three cooperative banks maratha mandir cooperative bank, south ...

state bank of india (sbi) has finalised the acquisition of 51 per cent equity stake in indian ocean international bank ltd ...

the euphoria over india s foreign currency rating upgrade by standard and poor s was factored in the foreign exchange market ...

standard and poor s upgrade of india s foreign currency ratings has led to a tightening of the spreads on yields of indian ...

the sentiment was bullish in the forex market today. the spot rupee, which touched an intra-day high of 43.30 per dollar, closed ...

state bank of india (sbi) has finalised an agreement with the principal shareholders of indian ocean international bank (ioib), ...

union bank of india signed a memorandum of understanding for tractor financing with tractor manufacturer same deutz-fahr on an ...

the gandhi co-operative urban bank limited, whose deposits rose to rs 68 crore and advanced loans totalling rs 49 crore during ...

the income tax department has recommended the insertion of a clause for empowering tax authorities to get precedence over banks ...

public sector banks (psbs) which have been clamouring for a level playing field would take heart from this piece of information ...

the reserve bank of india today kicked off the consolidation process in the beleaguered cooperative banking sector by releasing ...

the spot rupee closed at a new 5-year high of 43.42 per dollar as against the last close of 43.71 per dollar after s p raised ...

metlife india, a subsidiary of us-based life insurer metlife, has launched met smart, a unit-linked insurance plan that comes ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on tuesday said persons who have flouted the foreign exchange management act (fema) will be ...

the spot rupee, which touched a high of 43.65 per dollar in early morning deals, finished a notch higher at 43.71 per dollar as ...

indian banks association (iba) will meet in a week s time to discuss some new issues raised by employees unions including the ...

global trust bank s current operating losses have been virtually wiped out, said oriental bank of commerce chairman and managing ...

the reserve bank of india has proposed an amendment to the banking regulation act (bra) to allow banks to be members of stock ...

though the indian credit insurance market is in a nascent stage, it has huge potential for growth even as exports are on the rise ...

oriental bank of commerce today reported a 15.8 per cent decrease in net profit to rs 128.15 crore during october-december 2004 ...

dena bank announced a 68.10 per cent dip in net profit to rs 22.92 crore in the quarter ended december 31, 2004 against rs 71.85 ...

state bank of india, canara bank and two other domestic banks are awaiting a nod from the reserve bank of india (rbi) to invest ...

the spot rupee ended on a steady note at 43.7250 per dollar on fresh inflows.sentiment was bullish in the government ...

oriental bank of commerce reported a 15.81% decline in net profit at rs 128.15 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) today reported a 33.47% increase in net profit at rs 62.13 crore for the third ...

lic housing finance has reported a 7% decline in its net profit after tax of rs 42 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, ...

shanker dev (name changed), a 57-year old executive of a fmcg company, recently shifted his bank account from a public sector ...

bank of baroda (bob) has posted a 77 per cent drop in net profit for the third quarter ended december 31, 2004 to rs 69.50 crore ...

public offers of at least 11 psu banks, worth about rs 9,000-10,000 crore, are slated to flare up the capital market this ...

forex reserves grew marginally by $51 million to $129.43 billion during the week ended january 21, 2005. foreign currency assets ...

bank of baroda has reported a 77% slump in net profit at rs 69.50 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2004 as compared ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has pulled up life insurance companies for failing to be consistent in ...

the state bank of india (sbi) announced a 19.6 per cent jump in net profit for the third quarter ended december 31, 2004, at rs ...

the external commercial borrowing (ecb) policy is under review with a new focus on infrastructure financing. according to banking ...

punjab national bank (pnb) announced a 21 per cent increase in net profit at rs 314.27 crore for the quarter ended december 2004 ...

the tamil nadu-based karur vysya bank reported a 53.4 per cent decline in net profit to rs 20.72 crore for the quarter ending ...

indusind bank s today announced a 44.28 per cent dip in its net profit to rs 42.95 crore in the quarter ended december 31, 2004 ...

state bank of bikaner jaipur (sbbj) has firmed up plans of raising rs 200 crore of tier-ii capital through subordinated ...

the spot rupee, which opened around 43.81 per dollar, firmed up in intra-day deals and closed at 43.72 per dollar on strong rally ...

idbi has hired human resource consultancy firm hewitt associates for introducing the cost-to-company approach and an ...

indusind bank has reported a 44% decline in net profit at rs 42.85 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2004 as against ...

punjab national bank (pnb) has posted a 21% rise in net profit at rs 314.27 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2004 ...

state bank of india (sbi) has posted a 19.56% jump in net profit at rs 1099.35 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, ...

the spot rupee opened weak on concerns of foreign fund outflows from the stock market and the month-end dollar demand. the rupee ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has brought down the minimum eligibility criteria of urban cooperative banks (ucbs) wishing to ...

icra ltd, which recently signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with turkey s first turkish credit rating agency (ftcra) to ...

finance minister p chidambaram will meet chiefs of public sector banks (psbs) today. this is chidambaram s second meeting with ...

commercial banks are not planning to clear the arrears of 7.57 lakh bank employees at one go this year, in a bid to protect their ...

vijaya bank has posted a net profit of rs 55.67 crore for the three months to december 2004, down 49.44 per cent year on year.

sentiment was dull in the forex market today. the spot rupee opened at 43.77 per dollar, and closed a tad lower at 43.80 per ...

vijaya bank today reported a 49.44% decline in net profit for the third quarter ended december 2004 at rs 55.67 crore as against ...

the spot rupee opened firm in early trades against the greenback, and was quoted at 43.7450 7550 a dollar against the tuesday s ...

one of the building blocks for state bank of india s (sbi) overseas acquisitions would be consolidation with its 7 associated ...

kolkata based uco bank registered a 58 per cent decline in net profit to rs 55 crore during the third quarter of the current ...

the pune-based bank of maharashtra (mahabank) posted a net loss of rs 57.33 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2004 ...

ing vysya bank, the bangalore-based private bank, has posted a net profit of rs 6.37 crore for the quarter ended december 31, ...

bank of rajasthan reported a 77 per cent fall in its net profit to rs 7.02 crore in the quarter ended december 31, 2004 from rs ...

a spurt in non-interest and fee-based income helped the hyderabad-based andhra nank to record a 30.25 per cent rise in net profit ...

housing development finance corporation ltd (hdfc) today announced a 29 per cent increase in its net profit at rs 236.05 crore in ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is planning to raise the level of contingency reserve (cr) in the wake of rising foreign exchange ...

the overseas arm of life insurance corporation (lic), life insurance corporation international, will launch insurance joint ...

the government of india (goi) today acquired reserve bank of india s 15 per cent stake in infrastructure development finance ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is learnt to have instructed banks not to extend fresh loans to state government-owned ...

ing vysya bank has reported a 73% slump in net profit to rs 6.37 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2004 as compared ...

hdfc bank s green shoe option attached with the sponsored american depository shares (adss) has been exercised by the underwriter ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) has posted a 29% jump in net profit to rs 236.05 crore for the third quarter ended ...

the rupee opened on a weak note today, shaving most of the the gains posted in the previous session, due to rising oil prices and ...

lack of a strong overseas presence is perhaps the only weak point for punjab national bank (pnb), said k c chakrabarty, executive ...

on the lines of state bank of india and bank of india, another state-run player bank of baroda (bob) is looking at overseas ...

syndicate bank, which reported a loss of rs 78 crore for the third quarter of fy05, has stated it would like to continue its ...

canara bank, which aims to implement a core banking solution to coincide with its centenary year that starts in july, will choose ...

tamilnad mercantile bank (tmb) has entered into a tie-up up with hdfc bank to offer services namely tmb-h-dd and tmb-h-collection ...

syndicate bank has reported a net loss of rs 78.11 crore for the third quarter of 2004-05 against a net profit of rs 89 crore for ...

the chennai-based indian overseas bank (iob) reported a 13.5 jump in net profit to rs 161.21 crore in the third quarter ended ...

old private sector federal bank has posted 66 per cent decline in net profit to rs 12.01 crore for the quarter ended december 31, ...

canara bank has reported a net profit of rs 274 crore for the three months to december 2004, down 26.5 per cent year on year, ...

impacted by a drop in treasury income, kotak mahindra bank has posted a lower consolidated net profit of rs 43.43 crore for the ...

bank of baroda (bob) is to set up an offshore branch in singapore, open another branch in houston (texas) in the us and ...

the rupee today bounced back smartly against the us currency, helped by strong bunched up dollar supplies even as sporadic ...

indian overseas bank has reported a 13.52% rise in net profit to rs 161.21 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2004 as ...

canara bank has posted a 26% dip in net profit to rs 273.98 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2004 as compared to rs ...

following cooling of the global oil prices last week, the spot rupee opened higher in the early trades and was quoted at ...

having made a transfer of government securities to protect itself from further interest rate volatility, union bank of india ...

corporation bank, the mangalore-based public sector bank, has posted a net profit of rs 161.69 crore for the three months to ...

with a heavy plunge in profit from sale of investments, bank of india declared a 67 per cent fall in net profit to rs 75.03 crore ...

here is a bit of good news for the savers. the government is planning to take a closer look into the real interest rate (that is ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $266 million to $129.378 billion for the week ended january 14, 2005, according to the weekly ...

bank of india (boi) has posted a 67% fall in net profit to rs 75.03 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2004 as ...

corporation bank has posted a 43% rise in net profit to rs 161.69 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2004 as compared ...

vedanta resources, the london stock exchange-listed metals and mining group, has raised another $100 million on thursday, through ...

idbi bank today announced a 53.72 per cent rise in its net profit to rs 55.8 crore in the quarter ended december 31, 2004 against ...

the largest domestic investor, life insurance corporation of india could turn out to the deciding factor for the success of ...

liability insurance is still a new concept in india, which has tremendous scope for growth, said milind kolhe, commercial ...

having identified human resources (hr) as one of the key factor for growth, dena bank has decided to appoint chartered ...

bajaj allianz life insurance company, to achieve a four-fold growth with over rs 3,000 crore premium collection in the next ...

dena bank expects to increase its retail lending substantially from the nine per cent, as on september 30, 2004, in order to ...

the pension fund regulatory development authority (pfrda), which is envisaged to be set up in the next 12 months, may allow the ...

the board of idbi bank has approved the merger with idbi.according to a release issued to the bse today, idbi will issue ...

idbi bank today reported a 54% increase in net profit at rs 55.83 crore for the quarter ended december 31, 2004 as against rs ...

with dollar gaining globally, the spot rupee slipped to a low of 43.82 per dollar after a steady opening at 43.74 per dollar. it ...

the spot rupee opened weak against the dollar as the greenback gained strength in the overseas market. the rupee was quoted at ...

district central co-operative banks (dccbs) are seeking changes in certain policies of the government, to enable them compete ...

the board of the industrial development bank of india will meet on thursday to decide the swap ratio of the merger of idbi bank ...

unsolicited credit cards and unsolicited phone calls from direct sales agents pushing credit card sales could be a thing of the ...

us-based principal financial inc, with assets worth $160 billion around the world, plans to enter the life insurance market by ...

life insurance player birla sun life insurance company limited will be increasing its agent count by around 4,400 in the next ...

hyderabad-based andhra bank has picked up a five per cent equity stake in principal pnb asset management company for rs 13.25 ...

the spot rupee, which had slipped to 43.76 per dollar in intra-day deals, closed on a steady note at 43.71 per ...

the board of directors of industrial development bank of india (idbi) will meet tomorrow - january 20, 2005 - to consider the ...

major us indices ended with sharp gains yesterday following the slippage in oil prices after rising above the $49 a barrel in ...

allahabad bank has recorded 60 per cent jump in net profit from rs 98.36 crore in the quarter ended december 2003 to rs 159.25 ...

dena bank hopes to bring down its net non-performing asset (nap) to five per cent this year from a level of 9.4 per cent in ...

punjab national bank is likely to post a net profit growth of over 23 per cent on year at rs 320 crore for the october-december ...

andhra bank has said that the meeting of the board of directors of the bank, which was originally scheduled to be held on january ...

andhra bank on monday launched a composite credit card for farmers and two insurance schemes for self-help groups (shgs) and ...

a policyholder will have to shell out 1.2-10.2% additional premium.

the spot rupee slipped to 43.72 per dollar as against the last close of 43.68 per dollar on dollar rally in overseas ...

the central government holding in dena bank will come down by 19.80% to 51.19% from the current level of 70.99% after the second ...

allahabad bank has posted a 61% increase in net profit of rs 159.2 crore for the quarter ended december 31, 2004 as compared to ...

after the overnight appreciation by over about ten paise, the rupee once again opened weak against the dollar on some dollar ...

dena bank executive director m v nair has said that following the opening of the bank s rs 216 crore public issue on january 24, ...

uti bank today announced a 35.11 per cent rise in its net profit for third quarter (october-december) of fiscal year 2004-05 at ...

icici bank today announced 18 per cent jump in it net profit to rs 518 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2004, up ...

the state bank of india (sbi) and the reserve bank of india (rbi) preparing to ensure smooth payment of the india millennium ...

icici bank has maintained its pace of disbursements in the home loan market and continues to lead housing development finance ...

private sector banks have the potential to attract $16.3 billion of foreign direct investment (fdi) if foreign banks are allowed ...

the berger group will pick up an additional 7 per cent stake in the four-way life insurance partnership of the us-based principal ...

icici bank fears that the requirement of maintaining in india assets equivalent to 75 per cent of its domestic deposits could ...

punjab national bank (pnb) has filed the draft red herring prospectus with securities and exchange board of india (sebi) for its ...

the spot rupee moved up 43.68 per dollar as against the last weekend close of 43.77 per dollar on expectations of fresh dollar ...

the board of directors of uti bank, which met today, has approved a proposal to raise further capital via gdrs.according ...

uti bank has reported a 35% increase in net profit at rs 101.15 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2004 when compared ...

icici bank has posted a net profit of rs 517 crore for the quarter ended december 31, 2004 as compared to rs 440 crore for the ...

the rupee today opened strong against the us dollar after last weekend s weakness and appreciated further during late morning ...

to face competition from foreign banks, public sector banks will have to raise their level of operations to international ...

canara bank aimed to raise between rs 400 crore and rs 500 crore of tier-ii capital preferably before the end of the financial ...

uti bank is expected to discuss its overseas capital raising plan at its board meeting on monday. the bank has already made a ...

foreign exchange reserves declined $2.066 billion to $129.112 billion for the week ended january 7, 2005, according to the weekly ...

the finance minister p chidambaram said today that banking reform roadmap allowing foreign banks to pick up to 74% equity in ...

foreign exchange reserves dipped $2.068 billion to $129.112 billion for the week ended january 7 when compared with the ...

stocks rose sharply yesterday as the us markets ended with sharp gains. while dow jones moved up 52 points to 10,558, the ...

urban cooperative banks (ucbs) are looking at acquiring sick peers in to expand their footprint. this consolidation move has been ...

standard chartered bank will pump additional capital into standard chartered investments and loans (india) (scill). part of the ...

the government has not stipulated a minimum stake that it needs to hold in the industrial development bank of india ltd (idbi) ...

the state government will sign an mou with the asian development bank (adb) for implementing the third stage of infrastructure ...

the spot rupee, which touched a low of 43.86 per dollar in intra-day deals, finished on a weak note at 43.77 per dollar as ...

government bonds slipped after the release of the weekly inflation data, which showed the price index dipping to 5.78% as against ...

rising oil prices in the international market and the slowdown of foreign fund inflows into the stock market has weakened the ...

the kolkata based magma leasing ltd, a leading non-banking finance institution and national insurance company today launched ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has called a meeting of commercial banks on january 15 to review the formulation of a regulatory ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will shortly come out with detailed guidelines on the basel- ii norms that indian banks have to ...

the spot rupee, which moved up 43.65 per dollar in intra-day deals, closed on a firm note at 43.72 per dollar as against the last ...

buoyed by strong gains in the stock market and the dollar s weakness in the overseas market, the spot rupee has upped its gains ...

state bank of india s october-december net profit is seen up 10 per cent on year at rs 1,015 crore, according to the average of ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) is seeking to raise rs 800 crore through the public issue of bonds, called ...

rbi governor y v reddy today said it would need to take a view on capping foreign institutional investor (fii) inflows into the ...

the spot rupee, which hit an intra-day high of 43.68 per dollar in early deals, closed on a weak note at 43.83 per dollar on ...

reliance industries ltd (ril) may become the first indian corporate to kick off an external commercial borrowing (ecb) programme ...

state bank of india (sbi) has sanctioned rs 1,300 crore towards infrastructure projects in the third quarter (october-december) ...

employees of the life insurance corporation of india (lic) are likely to get an annual hike in their pay package of rs ...

the sentiment was bullish in the forex market today.the spot rupee opened at 43.84 86 per dollar, and tracked the dollar ...

the spot rupee made a firm opening as the greenback slided against the euro and yen. the rupee was quoted at 43.8475 8525 per ...

centurion bank today announced a net profit of rs 7.10 crore for the quarter ended december 31, against a loss of rs 6.54 crore ...

the state bank of india (sbi) group is learnt to have worked out a uniform investment policy for its domestic treasury ...

the rupee turned sharply weak against the dollar on the interbank foreign exchange market here today on heavy dollar ...

punjab national bank will raise about rs 3,000 crore through its second public offer and return three crore equity shares to the ...

ahead of its rs 1,800 crore public offer, oriental bank of commerce (obc) increased its business to rs 70,000 crore till december ...

the spot rupee took a beating in the opening trades as dollar gains against the major international currencies continues to weigh ...

competitive pressures and the need to get a grip on expanding business and organisation will make banks in india spend up to rs ...

hdfc bank has registered a 31.1 per cent increase in its net profit to rs 170.93 crore in the quarter ended december 31, 2004. ...

as part of efforts to speed up fund transfers, the rbi is working on a system to enable encashment of multi-city cheques within a ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will continue to be cautious in giving unlimited access to short term external commercial ...

india s foreign exchange reserves were up by $163 million during the week ended december 31, 2004 taking the total reserves to ...

hdfc bank has reported a 31% increase in net profit at rs 170.93 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2004 when ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $163 million to $131.178 billion for the week ended december 31, 2004 when compared with ...

us indices ended weak on the last day of the trading week, with dow jones finishing 19 points lower at 10,604 and nasdaq closing ...

bank of baroda (bob) has postponed its second public issue, slated to raise over rs 1,500 crore, to the first quarter of 2005-06 ...

the union revenue secretary will be meeting top tax payers of mumbai zone next week, along with the central board of direct taxes ...

finance minister p chidambaram will meet ranjana kumar, the chairperson of the national bank for agriculture and rural ...

dena bank will be hitting the equity markets with its second public issue at a price of rs 27 per share. the issue will open on ...

the return on foreign currency assets and gold after amounting for depreciation decreased to 2.1 per cent in june-july 2003-04 ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) governor y v reddy today virtually ruled out a rate hike following the footsteps of the us ...

the spot rupee appreciated tracking the dollar depreciation globally by closing at 43.81 82 per ...

jammu kashmir bank has reporte a % decline in net profit at rs 73.30 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2004 ...

after closing at a 3-week low yesterday, the spot rupee opened higher at 43.85 86 per dollar against the yesterday s close of ...

pricewaterhousecoopers (pwc), the audit firm implicated in the global trust bank fiasco, is understood to have met the reserve ...

the finance ministry-constituted task force for revival of co-operative credit institutions has said rs 15,000 crore would be ...

former reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor s s tarapore today joined the on-going debate on the use of foreign exchange ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will consider merger proposals by public sector banks based on the strength derived by them from ...

the spot rupee declined to 43.95 per dollar as against the last close of 43.85 per dollar due to dollar s sustained rally in ...

the spot rupee which was down 0.7% yesterday, slipped sharply to an early morning low of 43.7250 per dollar today. however, it ...

state bank of india and standard chartered bank have contested the demand raised by the income tax department about the recovery ...

bank of baroda (bob), which held around two per cent stake in dena bank, has divested its entire stake in it in the last few ...

the top management of the specified undertaking of the unit trust of india (uti-i) is not in favour of uti bank going in for an ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) is understood to have imposed a $1.75 billion ceiling on foreign institutional investors investment ...

insurance companies in the country are facing a piquant situation today. even as they terminate the services of agents who ...

the rupee closed today at 43.84 per dollar, its lowest since december 27, 2004, and sharply down from yesterday s close of ...

international rating agency standard poor s (s p) in its latest research report china, india, and the fate of ...

sbi life is targeting rs 600 crore premium income this financial year compared with rs 225 crore last year. it is also planning ...

government bonds today tumbled across the board on renewed hectic selling after sentiments turned distinctly weak due to a ...

sbi life insurance today hiked its paid-up capital to rs 250 crore from rs 175 crore and foreign equity in the company may go up ...

bank of india (boi) is looking to acquire a small bank in indonesia and expects to open branches in antwerp (belgium) and shenzen ...

the spot rupee slipped nearly 25 paise to 43.79 per dollar as against the last close of 43.54 per dollar after dollar firmed up ...

the board of directors of dena bank will meet on january 7, 2005 to consider and adopt the final prospectus to be filed with sebi ...

sbi life insurance company aims to be the second life insurance player after life insurance corporation of india (lic) in the ...

the state bank of india (sbi) now intends becoming the leader in micro-financing by credit linking one lakh self help groups ...

bank of india (boi) has entered in a collaboration with acil-navasarjan rural development foundation (anarde), a non-government ...

the state bank of india (sbi) expects to post a credit growth of 19 per cent for the current fiscal ending march 2005. due to the ...

allahabad bank s board is scheduled to meet in the next fortnight to initiate the process of consolidation by the beginning of ...

the spot rupee slipped to 43.54 per dollar as against the previous close of 43.48 per dollar after dollar firmed up in overseas ...

sbi life insurance company, the joint venture of sbi and cardiff, is looking at equity infusion of over rs 500 crore over the ...

shonkh technologies international today said its dealings with the erstwhile global trust bank (gtb) did not invlolve any ...

the spot rupee displayed volatility in the early trading session. after opening lower at 43.52 53 per dollar against the ...

citigroup venture capital international (cvc international), a business unit of banking giant citigroup, will invest in caritor, ...

the specified undertaking of the unit trust of india (uti-i), the principal promoter of uti bank, has formed a special team to ...

andhra bank today said that it has raised subordinated debt bonds worth rs 200 crore for a period of 111 months at a coupon rate ...

the visakhapatnam co-operative bank limited, one of the leading urban co-operative banks in the state, in an innovative scheme is ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) is looking at recruiting close to one lakh insurance agents across the country in the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is preparing itself for an iso certification for its currency management system and has decided ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) hopes to wipe out the losses accruing to it on account of the takeover of global trust bank by ...

the spot rupee, which dipped to a low of 43.65 per dollar in intra-day deals, bounced back to close at 43.48 per dollar on steady ...

the company law board (clb), chennai, today posted for february 3 the final hearing on the petition filed by icici bank to cancel ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) has filed criminal complaints with the cbi against several companies for allegedly defrauding the ...

the spot rupee slipped in the early deals following strong dollar in the overseas markets. it was quoted at 43.60 61 per dollar ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has expressed reservations about the finance ministry s proposal to liberalise the investment ...

insurance regulatory and development authority of india (irda) has said that temporary accredited agents training institutes ...

as many as eight public sector banks, including sbi, have failed to meet the march 2004 deadline for earmarking 5% of their net ...

forex exchange reserves increased by $394 million to $131.015 billion for the week ended december 24 as against the previous ...

us indices failed to register gains on the last day of the calendar year 2004, with dow jones slipping 17 points to 10,783 and ...

federal bank has launched a telephone bill payment system through landlines, fed e-pay, for the first time in the country here on ...

new generation private sector banks led by icici bank and uti bank and mortgage major housing development finance corporation and ...

investors searching for infrastructure bonds to save on taxes during the current financial year can heave a sigh of relief. in ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has permitted transfer of and trading in power bonds maturing on october 1, 2008 and april 1, ...

the spot rupee firmed up to 43.47 per dollar as against the last close of 43.73 per dollar on hopes of more foreign inflows next ...

the balance of payment (bop) slipped into negative zone - for the first time in 15 quarters - in the july-september quarter to ...

government bonds rose a notch on thin volumes after the release of the inflation data, which showed a decline to 6.50% for the ...

dollar selling by the foreign banks in early trades saw the spot rupee open firm at 43.6250 6350 a dollar as against the ...

a death and a rebirth. this sums up the year for the banking sector. seeds were also sown for a few mergers that will see the ...

dena bank, which is set to hit the capital market with its second public issue to raise additional capital of over rs 80 crore in ...

swiss reinsurance co expects to receive claims of less than 100 million francs (about $88 million) from the tsunami disaster in ...

there has been a sudden surge in the trading volume of treasury bills. the daily volume has gone up to as much as rs 800 crore ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic), the promoters of uti bank, is undecided on whether to support the bank s forthcoming ...

interest rate movement saw an upward bias in 2004 as yield on the benchmark 10-year paper rose by 131 basis points during the ...

the union bank of india has contributed rs 2 crore to the prime minister s relief fund for relief work in the tsunami-affected ...

the spot rupee slipped a notch lower to 43.7350 per dollar as against yesterday s close of 43.72 per dollar on corporate demand ...

credit analysis and research (care) has downgraded the rating assigned to tier-ii bond issues of rs 55 crore and rs 79.70 crore ...

banks covering short dollar positions weighed on the spot rupee in early trades, as the rupee opened weak at 43.75 7450 per ...

the tsunami has cost general insurers in the city about rs 8.7 crore till now. however, a complete picture will emerge only after ...

the insurance development regulatory authority (irda) has clarified that it has not prohibited outsourcing of custodial services. ...

the reserve bank of india will keep a close watch on the equity market which is in the grip of a bull run. the move followed the ...

the spot rupee, which dropped to a low of 43.80 per dollar in early deals, bounced back to close on a steady note at 43.72 per ...

the spot rupee slided in the opening trades, weighed down by the strong greenback against the major international currencies. the ...

centurion bank, the new generation private sector bank, is planning to tap the market to raise capital to support its growth ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) cleared a proposal for a public offer of 50 million shares at a premium. the bank plans to hit ...

bank of baroda (bob) and punjab national bank (pnb) are the two possible contenders likely to take over allahabad bank, according ...

hyderabad-based rs 300-crore kamineni hospitals group (khg), in association with the national insurance corporation (nic), is all ...

despite the holiday season, government securities rallied on monday, albeit for odd reasons. prices of long-tenure papers moved ...

the spot rupee moved up to 43.72 per dollar as against monday s close of 43.86 per dollar on dollar weakness in overseas markets ...

sbi chairman a k purwar today said the group has posted about 25% growth in credit demand till date, and its lending rates ...

icici bank is likely to disburse rs 7,000 crore as agricultural lending in 2004-05 as against rs 4,000 crore in the last fiscal. ...

the board of directors of oriental bank of commerce (obc), which met today, has approved a proposal to raise fresh capital by ...

the board of directors of centurion bank will meet on january 10, 2005 to consider a proposal to raise additional equity capital ...

backed by sliding oil prices and the greenbacks continued weakness against the major international currencies, the spot rupee ...

allahabad bank has decided to go for the book-building route for its second public offering, which was recently cleared by the ...

urban cooperative banks (ucbs) of south gujarat have sought a waiver of penalty imposed by the reserve bank for their failure to ...

state bank of mysore has announced that it will augment its tier ii capital by issue of unsecured non-convertible transferable ...

vijaya bank expects to open 1,000 branches by the end of the current financial year. the bank is also targeting total business of ...

bimalendu chakraborty, general manager on special duty, designated to take over as the chairman and managing director of national ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today activated its standing relief package for implementation in the tsunami-affected region ...

the spot rupee slipped to 45.86 per dollar as against the last close of 45.80 per dollar.government bonds were steady ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today activated its relief package for states affected by tsunami.according to a release ...

the spot rupee opened weak amid concerns of killer tsunamis which struck south and south-east asia. it was quoted at 43.84 86 per ...

the centre is understood to be planning an inflation-linked savings scheme for senior citizens as part of its common minimum ...

the state bank of india (sbi) will finish the business process reengineering (bpr) exercise by september 2005 with the help of ...

foreign exchange reserves increased $915 million to $130.621 billion for the week ended december 17, 2004 when compared with ...

jammu kashmir bank is planning to tap the markets sometime in june-july while exploring options of including a strategic ...

the 82nd annual general meeting (agm) of the tamilnad mercantile bank (tmb) commenced amid stormy, noisy proceedings with the ...

icici bank, the largest private sector bank in the country, will shortly commence banking operations from the us and russia, ...

public sector dena bank has tied up with indian institute of technology (iit), chennai to install automatic teller machine (atm) ...

the spot rupee slipped to 43.80 per dollar as against the last close of 43.77 per dollar on buying by psu banks.even as ...

jammu kashmir bank is planning to tap the market sometime in june-july 2005 while exploring options of inducting a ...

government bond prices rallied after the release of inflation data, but gains were curbed on profit-taking.the yield on ...

bank of rajasthan (bor) plans to divest a 14.75 per cent stake in the bank through a preferential allotment of equity shares to ...

indusind bank is planning to enter into a strategic alliances with a europe-based bank to widen the product suite offered to its ...

oil companies were seen buying forward dollars on a continued basis with every appreciation of rupee to cut down on the ...

idbi bank is targeting additional rs.1000 crore worth of home loans by march 2005 and in six months it plans to add vehicle loans ...

the reserve bank of india s report on currency and finance for 2003-04 has made a strong pitch for independence of a central ...

the reserve bank of india s report on currency and finance for 2003-04 has advised market participants to hedge their exposures ...

the reserve bank of india s report on currency and finance reiterated the growth forecast of 6-6.5 per cent on the back of robust ...

a senior official of the reserve bank of india (rbi) said here on wednesday that the apex bank would extend all possible steps to ...

stamp vendors in gujarat have decided to step up their agitation against the government s plan to sell stamp and stamp papers ...

andhra bank, over the last 82 years, has evolved from a state level bank to a bank that is now recognised across the country. ...

government bonds rallied on moderate inflation outlook by rbi in its currency and finance report released today.the ...

overall gdp growth for 2004-05 is expected to be 6-6.5% taking into account risks of high and uncertain oil prices and changes in ...

kpmg and khimji are carrying out the due diligence for the merger of idbi and idbi bank, and they are likely to submit their ...

indusind bank is planning to forge a strategic alliance with overseas banking entities with option for equity stake in joint ...

the spot rupee has gained strength in the opening trades on the back of strong fii inflows and the dollar weakness overseas. it ...

birla sun life insurance, the second largest private life insurance company in the country, which had a premium income of rs 462 ...

asian development bank (adb) has approved a loan of $400 million to upgrade and increase the 566-kilometre stretch along the ...

bank of india aims to bring 1,200 of its branches under the core banking solution fold by march 2005. the bank also sees 20 per ...

the co-operatives in the country are governed by a number of laws but when it comes to compliance, the situation has been lax. ...

a host of public sector banks (psbs) including bank of india, andhra bank, state bank of travancore, indian bank and indian ...

state bank of india (sbi) has transferred 37% of its stake in sbi mutual fund to french financial major societe generale asset ...

after closing higher for three successive trading sessions, the spot rupee eased today to end lower at 43.8350 8450 per dollar ...

the board of directors of uti bank today reversed its decision to split the post of chairman and managing director ...

kotak mahindra bank is planning to enter the credit cards business to enhance its portfolio of services, vice-chairman and ...

a highly volatile foreign exchange market a rather unusual sight in december has not only taken a toll on the nerves of the ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) is vigorously pursuing its strategy of increasing the share of non-project finance in ...

the rs 500 crore sme growth fund of sidbi venture capital has received written commitments from various banks to the tune of rs ...

uti bank is believed to have mooted to its parent uti-i a proposal of bringing in all uti outfits under the umbrella of a holding ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) is understood to have sought clarifications from the finance ministry as well ...

surendranagar-based surendranagar mercantile co-operative bank ltd (sumco bank) has become the first co-operative bank in gujarat ...

co-operative banks of surat have sought changes in certain norms and policies of the reserve bank of india, which they believe ...

the managing director of the beleaguered charotar nagarik sahakari bank and former bjp member of parliament deepak patel will ...

the spot rupee continued with its upward trend for the second straight session and peaked up to a high of 43.76 $ during the ...

the punjab national bank (pnb) is ready to tap the market for the second time to raise more capital and is waiting for ...

the chola mutual fund plans to raise rs 75 crore from the initial public offer (ipo) of chola multi-cap fund, an open-ended fund ...

the spot rupee firmed up to 43.86 per dollar as against the last close of 43.93 per dollar on weakness in dollar in the overseas ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has issued a show cause notice to the surat-based royale co-operative bank, asking it why its ...

the industrial development bank of india s (idbi) has raised $250 million through its overseas bond offering at a cost of 5.19 ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) has kept in abeyance the opening of 100 new branches, which were planned after it ...

the finance ministry and the law ministry are examining a proposal to increase the pensions of public sector bank chairmen and ...

the spat among uti bank board members started three months ago on the issue of inducting an lic nominee. the bank board protested ...

hsbc is planning to penetrate medium and high networth individual segment in eastern region in order to give big push to its ...

hyderabad-based andhra bank is mulling an increase in its home loan rates next month by about 25 basis points. the bank has also ...

the country s foreign exchange reserves for the week ended december 10 slipped by over a billion dollars to $129.69 billion, ...

k v kamath, managing director ceo, icici bank, and chairman of the confederation of indian industry s corporate governance ...

m damodaran, chairman and managing director of uti mutual fund and the administrator of uti-i, resigned from both entities today. ...

taking a cue from the state bank of india, corporation bank is set to merge its wholly owned subsidiary, corporation bank homes ...

the mangalore-based karnataka bank ltd signed a pact with india switch company (isc), a leading electronic funds transfer (eft) ...

prices of private sector bank shares have shot up significantly of late in anticipation that the reserve bank of india (rbi) will ...

finance minister p chidambaram said the government wanted banks to increase lending to farmers since non-performing assets were ...

ahmedabad-based gruh finance ltd is likely to review its home loan rates in the january and the hike in rates is expected to be ...

the surat-based prime co-operative bank has evinced interest in taking over two ailing co-operative banks in the state. these ...

ing vysya bank s board approved on wednesday a 3 1 rights issue (three equity shares for each share held). factoring in the rs 35 ...

while morgan stanley today said that the management change at uti bank could put pressure on earnings estimates, other brokerages ...

the reserve bank of india governor y v reddy s remarks on the sidelines of a central board meeting in kolkata to the effect that ...

dewan housing finance is in talks with banks to take over their home loan portfolios. this will help the housing finance company ...

idbi bank has gained from state bank of india s (sbi) inability to flawlessly service coal mines provident fund s (cmpf) pension ...

ceos of public sector banks are set to get a longer stint at the top. the reserve bank of india (rbi) today called a meeting of ...

deutsche bank ag and reliance industries ltd signed a $116.2 million financing deal in frankfurt which will be used to refinance ...

the government has put on hold standard chartered investments and loans (india) ltd s (scill) plans to acquire a 25 per cent ...

yes bank, a new entrant in india s banking sector, has entered into a seven-year agreement with wipro infotech for its entire it ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) has embarked on a drive to recover as much as possible its bad loans which have been ...

hdfc bank is against the idea of consolidation in the banking industry. it feels such an exercise would adversely affect ...

the daily recurring agents of the city-based royale co-operative bank ltd have threatened to launch an agitation, if the bank ...

the co-operative banking fraternity in the state has welcomed the centre s plan to introduce a bill to legitimise the licences ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic), visakhapatnam division, has decided to take up a mega housing project for its ...

there is a need for consolidation in the banking industry, said k cherian varghese, the newly appointed chairman managing ...

the insurance regulator has clamped down on brokers and has come out with the minimum standards to be followed by the insurance ...

the state bank of india (sbi) has decided to change its campus recruitment turf from the indian institute of managements (iims) ...

the board of directors of icici bank today approved an issue of american depository shares (ads), capping the issue size at 6 per ...

the residential and office premises of the chairman of yavatmal district central cooperative bank and eight others including the ...

yogesh agarwal, deputy managing director (dmd) and chief financial officer of state bank of india (sbi), is expected to head ...

banks and financial entities are under pressure to take directors and officers (d o) cover to limit the personal liability of ...

a senior executive of a large corporate deposited a $4,000 cheque in his account with a new generation private sector bank in ...

in the intensely competitive cash management services market, state bank of india (sbi) is planning to unleash a price war by ...

oriental bank of commerce chairman and managing director b d narang expects the bank s net profit for 2004-05 to be lower on ...

hdfc bank has admitted that there could be a conflict of interest with its principal shareholder the housing development finance ...

state bank of india (sbi) is on the look out for acquiring a small bank in the us. at present, it is conducting due-diligence ...

shareholders of tata aig life insurance company will infuse $200 million as capital over the next three years. this will take the ...

finance minister p chidambaram s assurance that foreign banks will be allowed to pick up 10 per cent stake a year in indian ...

hdfc bank launched an international gold debit card offering cash back of re 1 for every rs 100 spent on the card. this offering ...

the industrial development bank of india ltd (idbi) is planning to rationalise its real estate assets as a precursor to the ...

though seven co-operative banks have collapsed in the city in the last two years, a reserve bank of india (rbi) report indicates ...

close on the heels of detecting five bogus interest warrants, the surat bankers clearing house (sbch) has detected another forged ...

bangalore-based ing vysya insurance on thursday announced its foray into unit linked insurance. the company s offerings till now ...

the prudential co-operative urban bank s liquidator, who has been appointed by the state registrar of co-operative societies ...

the government is likely to appoint indian overseas bank cmd sc gupta the new pnb chief and dena bank head ak khandelwal the cmd ...

the new york-based bank one, a part of jpmorgan chase that was created this year as a merger between jpmorgan chase co and ...

the officials of the metro co-operative bank, one of the four co-operative banks in surat which collapsed between september and ...

commercial and regional rural banks (rrbs) of the country have performed well in rural credit, but co-operative banks have not ...

hdfc has floated a distribution subsidiary home loan services india limited (hlsi). a wholly-owned subsidiary, hlsi, will ...

icici bank expects its retail portfolio to cross the rs 50,000-crore mark and touch rs 50,138 crore by the end of march 31, 2005 ...

state bank of india (sbi), visakhapatnam zone, is expecting more than 80 per cent growth in net profits, which is likely to touch ...

wage negotiations at the country s largest financial institution, the life insurance corporation of india (lic), will commence on ...

rising interest rates on home loans will see a fall in the issuance of securitised debt paper, popularly known as mortgage-back ...

the government today approved the appointment of r n bhardwaj as chairman of the life insurance corporation of india (lic). it ...

the government has mandated the state bank of india (sbi), life insurance corporation (lic), idbi and icici bank to issue ...

refuting charges that the us banking sector is not as open as in india, john b taylor, under-secretary of international affairs, ...

the income tax (i-t) department is once again facing a major roadblock in its recovery proceedings to meet the steep collections ...

bank of baroda employees associations today announced a two-day strike on december 23 and 24 at branches here in protest against ...

the city-based panchsheel co-operative bank ltd has taken over the possession of vinu tex, a textile unit owned by c r patil, on ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked the city-based metro co-operative bank, which is facing a liquidity crunch, to submit ...

abhishek bhatia, the head of marketing at icici prudential life insurance, is moving to kuala lumpur, malaysia. he will head ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is considering the possibility of covering partnership and proprietorship firms under the small ...

the relentless rise in the rupee has made external commercial borrowings (ecb) a very attractive proposition to india inc. not ...

importers rushed to buy forward dollars and that too for a longer maturities so that they are not caught on the wrong foot like ...

there is no end to the woes of c r patil. patil, owner of vinu tex, a 100 per cent export oriented unit (eou) in sachin gidc on ...

foreign institutional investors (fiis) are likely to be allowed to invest up to $1 billion in the security receipts of distressed ...

ing vysya bank is planning to raise funds through rights issue. the bank board will meet on december 15 to consider various ...

the industrial development bank of india (idbi) has bought rs 3,000 crore worth of government securities to build up its ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) plans to introduce an image based cheque clearing system in the national capital region (ncr) by ...

the state bank of india (sbi) hinted at a hike in lending rates ahead, but ruled out any increase in the deposit rate. state bank ...

india has become the third country in the world, after united states of america (usa) and japan, to have a special co-branded ...

beleaguered co-operative banks in surat received another jolt when five bogus warrants were found deposited with two co-op banks ...

abhyudaya co-operative bank ltd is likely to take over the distressed maratha mandir co-operative bank. abhyudaya co-operative ...

if there is a slow down in the housing sector due to higher interest rates, sbi life insurance thinks its housing insurance ...

deepak parekh, the chairman of hdfc, today warned that any further rise in rates will put pressure on the interest to income ...

the rupee is seen gaining fresh ground against the dollar on continuing foreign exchange inflows and a weakening greenback ...

uti mutual fund (uti mf) today announced an alliance with andhra bank wherein the bank will distribute its products at selected ...

idbi bank today announced that it would provide the option of bundling life insurance cover to consumers alongside home loans, ...

idbi ltd will raise $ 200-250 million from the overseas bond market in the third week of december. it has received the reserve ...

the rise in spending power in india, asia s third largest economy, has resulted in the proliferation of card variants. remittance ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) ltd will see an outgo of about rs 75 crore with 425 of its 2,800 employees having ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) announced a $500 million cap on foreign institutional investors (fii s) ...

finance minister p chidambaram today said the government would come out with a comprehensive amendment to the banking regulation ...

the central zone of bank of baroda (bob), which covers five districts including anand and vadodara, expects to close the current ...

dena bank has set a price band of rs 23-27 per share for its proposed second public issue. the bank will issue 80 million shares ...

the central government has bought a month s time to decide who will head the life insurance corporation of india (lic). the ...

the spot rupee today breached the psychological level of 44.50 per dollar to touch 44.44 45, a rise of 19 paise from tuesday s ...

the government today cancelled the scheduled rs 8,000 crore government securities auction for december. this is the second ...

the famed bpl brand, which was once valued at rs 650 crore, is now under the exclusive charge of icici bank. the brand, with ...

finance minister p chidambaram today introduced an amendment bill in the lok sabha to empower the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

the indian backoffice operations of abn amro have become an insourcing hub for global banks such as barclays, allied irish bank, ...

hdfc bank has appointed four lead managers for its american depositary shares (ads) aggregating $300 million. the overseas issue ...

sanjay gupta, general manager, marketing, at a mumbai-based maritime company, had been toying with the idea of buying a home for ...

the reserve bank of india has directed banks to formulate a proper policy framework on know your customer and anti-money ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) plans to make operational its national electronic funds transfer (neft) system in the next two ...

in tune with the rising yields in the government securities market, bank of india and vijaya bank have raised deposit rates for ...

software companies seem to benefit the economy in ways more than one. one of the indirect benefits have been in bringing more ...

general manager of syndicate bank, manipal, b pramod on monday said that the 10 regional rural banks (rrbs) sponsored by the ...

strict riders from the rbi on entry of state cooperative banks (scbs) and district central cooperative banks (dccbs) into the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today expressed concerns on the declining capital adequacy levels among urban co-operative banks ...

bajaj allianz general insurance company on monday launched an insurance scheme which will cover loses owing to wedding ...

bad loans account for 2.5 per cent of banks total retail loan portfolio. among retail loans, consumer durable loans have the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will extend capital adequacy and exposure norms on a group basis for banks having controlling ...

canara bank has issued a notice to attach the properties of kunvar ajay foods private ltd owing to the company s failure to repay ...

in yet another blow to the co-operative banking sector of surat, the state government on monday appointed surat district ...

debt recovery tribunals (drts) and the sarfaesi act have not proved to be the panacea for banks bad loans. drts have helped ...

vijaya bank has revised the rate of interest on domestic term deposits and home loans with effect from monday. taking into ...

private equity major warburg pincus international llc will pick up a 2.75 per cent stake in kotak mahindra bank at rs 230 per ...

of the four-fold increase in bank advances, over two-thirds of the total bank credit during april-august 2004 went to retail ...

icfai university has launched e-learning initiatives in distance learning mode using cd-roms, e-textbooks, e-lectures, lecture ...

chennai-based indian bank has devised a consolidation strategy that involves growth by way of acquisitions and also a public ...

banks which have not raised their deposit rates so far are feeling the heat now as the country s largest commercial bank state ...

officers unions in bank of india (boi) and union bank of india (ubi) will go on strike the moment the government confirms its ...

the committees set up by the state government to curb the defaulters of co-operative banks have asked the banks to provide the ...

a humanistic banking approach replacing the current mechanical geometric work focus will tickle the customers sensitivity and ...

automated teller machines (atms) of all public and private sector banks in the country will be brought under the national ...

nearly three years since the home trade scam broke out, most of the co-operative banks that had invested in the brokerage firm ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) s visakhapatnam zone, which comprises three coastal districts from srikakulam to ...

the amp-sanmar insurance company aims at a 30 per cent growth per annum through its new schemes, said managing director graham ...

non-banking financial corporations (nbfc) want the reserve bank of india to offer them an alternate funding source, along the ...

the present bank of india chairman and managing director m venugopal has been shortlisted by the federal bank board as a ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has detected gross violation of norms by banks when writing off bad loans. in its report to the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) governor y v reddy today said the liquidity management in recent days has proved to be effective. ...

an account holder of the metro co-operative bank ltd has filed a complaint of fraud against the bank chairman kamalkishore ...

there has been a strong revival of interest by global insurance majors to set up life insurance venture in india. axa, mitsubishi ...

indian overseas bank (iob) s visakhapatnam zone has registered a 121 per cent growth in net profits in the first half of the ...

birla sun life insurance will open four more branches in south india, increasing its presence to 12 branches in the four southern ...

rabo india finance has concluded a rs 40 crore medium term debt restructuring exercise for ugar sugar works ltd (uswl), the ...

the government is considering the option of diluting its stake in state-owned banks through public offers, a senior finance ...

uti bank, one of the fastest growing private sector bank in the country, is all set to foray into the domain of international ...

the clearing activity was disrupted in surat on monday as the surat bankers clearing house (sbch) remained closed due to the ...

life insurance corporation of india has launched two new products jeevan anurag and jeevan nidhi. jeevan anurag is designed to ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development has sanctioned refinance of rs 1,122 crore for the crop loan to tamil nadu ...

national housing bank (nhb), the housing finance regulator, has finally cleared the way for the closure of ailing sbi home ...

yes bank, the new bank promoted by rana kapoor, is ready to raise capital, either through an initial public offering (ipo) or ...

the hong kong and shanghai banking corporation limited (hsbc), in partnership with the centre for british teachers (cfbt), has ...

floating rate home loans from housing development finance corporation (hdfc) are dearer effective monday, following a hike of 50 ...

hindustan petroleum corporation (hpcl) and icici bank have joined hands to launch the go mumbai smart card for bus commuters of ...

higher provision for depreciation on investment at united bank of india (ubi) led to a 34 per cent dip in net profit to rs 156 ...

allahabad bank has decided to go for overseas listing following its rs 100 crore-second public issue, which is set to hit the ...

ispat industries has reached an agreement with its bond holders to retire its $122.16 million euro convertible bonds at a 75 per ...

the 25th four-day national conference of the all india bank employees association (aieba) will be held in the city from november ...

the south central zone of lic, which comprises of andhra pradesh and karnataka, has sold about 15.4 lakh new policies up to ...

stung by the liquidity squeeze in the call money market, banks are turning to the clearing corporation of india s collateralised ...

the opening bell at the bombay stock exchange (bse) -- and 9 other bourses globally -- tolled on thursday morning not to ...

the sbi officers association and sbi staff association has declared a country-wide strike at state bank of india on december 6 ...

foreign banks citibank and abn amro today said that interest rates on home loans are set to rise. interest rates on home ...

world bank s multilateral investment guarantee agency (miga) today announced a partnership with export-import bank of india and ...

the union finance ministry has given the go-ahead for a rs 2,000 crore national exports insurance fund (neif) that would help ...

icici bank became the first bank to hike its benchmark prime lending rate (plr) on monday, raising it by 50 basis points from 10 ...

state bank of india s (sbi) $1 billion medium-term notes will be listed on the singapore stock exchange. the bank informed the ...

the government favours setting up of a national equity fund to help co-operatives raise resources, agriculture minister sharad ...

life insurance companies are moving away from investment in government securities and are increasing their exposure to equity and ...

national insurance company has overtaken new india assurance company to emerge as the numero uno in the general insurance sector ...

bank of maharashtra will raise rs 150 crore from the bond market by march end to step up credit to agriculture and infrastructure ...

anger and confusion marked the 29th annual general body meeting (agm) of the ailing nagpur mahila nagarik sahkari bank ltd here, ...

ranked only behind maharashtra in the spread of co-operative banking in the country, gujarat s co-operative banking sector has ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh) has announced revised interest rates on domestic term deposits with effect from november 16, 2004. ...

public sector insurance behemoth life insurance corporation of india (lic) has lost a six per cent marketshare to its private ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is learnt to have recommended the setting up of an independent financial intelligence unit (fiu) ...

the basel-ii norms to strengthen financial health of banks provide more opportunities for improving risk culture than they pose ...

it s buyback time in the corporate bonds market. a slew of indian private and public sector corporates are rushing to buy back ...

finance minister p chidambaram today asked banks to fully tap the opportunities available in the agriculture, infrastructure and ...

infosys chairman and chief mentor nr narayana murthy today said bankers would need to change their mindset to keep pace with the ...

financial sector secretary ns sisodia today said banks with global aspirations would have to consider the downside of regulatory ...

bank of india (boi) s visakhapatnam zone is targeting to sanction rs 20 crore in advances through the star holiday loan scheme ...

icici bank, one of the leading private sector bank in the country, is planning to launch a new scheme to provide liquidity ...

the terrorism committee is expected to submit its recommendations to the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) on ...

the entry of foreign banks into india came in for a debate on the first day of the two-day bankers conference that began ...

commercial banks, particularly the ones in the new private and foreign sector, are not taking any chances. they are stashing the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is understood to be in the process of tightening norms for banks to check money laundering and ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor yv reddy today said cost reduction and recovery management were the key to making indian ...

planning commission deputy chairman montek singh ahluwalia got some unexpected support from president apj abdul kalam, who ...

saraswat co-operative bank ltd is likely to take over the distressed south indian co-operative bank ltd (sicb) and maratha mandir ...

the co-operative banking sector in surat is undergoing a deep crisis. the reserve bank of india had put restrictions on four ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has issued a show cause notice to junagadh vibhagiya nagarik sahakari bank (jvnsb), on grounds ...

the government is weighing three options to help life insurance corporation of india (lic) meet the insurance regulatory and ...

bank of india (boi) and bank of baroda (bob) today raised deposit rates by 25-50 basis points. more banks are likely to follow ...

after a gap of 14 quarters, 36 listed commercial banks recorded a 6.58 per cent decline in net profits in the second quarter of ...

wilful defaults at commercial banks are on the rise even as the reserve bank of india (rbi) has been tightening the noose on ...

international monetary fund (imf) first deputy managing director annie o kreuger today said the indian economy had the potential ...

close on the heels of the entry of over the $170 billion us pension fund, california public employees retirement (calpers), ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today called upon banks to obtain consent from all their borrowers to establish an efficient ...

yields in the government securities market eased today with the government announcing that it had a balance of rs 20,500 crore ...

the insurance regulatory authority of india (irda) will be drafting guidelines pertaining to corporate agents to avoid misselling ...

following the 25 basis points hike in the short-term repo rate, most banks have nudged up their loan rates by about 50 to 100 ...

buoyed by the phenomenal success of the corporate debt restructuring (cdr) mechanism, reserve bank of india may extend the scheme ...

in a first of its kind, the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is set to turn down the sovereign guarantee ...

central bank of india posted a 21 per cent jump in net profit for the half year ended september 30, 2004 at rs 331 crore up from ...

standard chartered group has moved two top executives from its consumer banking division in india vishu ramachandran and shyam ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is all set to ask insurance players, which have not met their five-year ...

the insurance regulatory development authority (irda) may have to scrap a clause in the irda act pertaining to indian promoters ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) closed its books as a development financial institution with a 6.25 per cent drop in ...

intelenet global services, the joint venture between housing development finance corporation (hdfc) and barclays bank, is ...

national insurance company (nic), which emerged the largest general insurance company in the country for the first half of the ...

housing finance major housing development finance corporation (hdfc) has announced a 50 basis points hike in home loan rates ...

the spot rupee is expected to hover in the range of 44.90-45.25 during the week. some market players feel the rupee might touch ...

the benchmark 7.38 per cent 2015 gilt is expected to rule in the range of 7.20-45 per cent and the most important factor ...

the insurance regulatory development authority (irda) will be reconsidering the issue of detariffing because of concerns raised ...

in a first-of-its kind move, public sector general insurance company national insurance company will tie up with a life insurance ...

jp morgan chase bank is open to entering the retail banking segment in the country, provided it does not run contrary to the ...

the state-level bankers committee on friday proposed to disburse rs 4,195 crore towards farm credit in the current rabi season ...

the chennai-based indian bank reported a 31.81 per cent jump in net profit to rs 154.10 crore for the half year ending september ...

the yield on benchmark 10-year paper pierced the 7 per cent mark to close at 7.21 per cent yesterday, rising 26 basis points on a ...

icici home finance company ltd will revise its existing rate of interest (roi) on home loans immediately after diwali, a senior ...

state bank of india (sbi) chairman a k purwar said there was an upward pressure on interest rates. it s a trying time for ...

finance minister p chidambaram today expressed confidence that credit flow to the agricultural sector would touch rs 105,000 ...

the ahmedabad-based legal consultants devesh bhatt associates have asked the reserve bank of india (rbi) to invoke powers under ...

the securities and exchange board of india thursday said charges against union bank of india with regard to the vikas wsp ltd. ...

the working group on screen-based trading in government securities has called for immediate introduction of a screen-based ...

hdfc bank, which rolled out its credit card business in the beginning of 2002, has posted profits in this segment as on september ...

nationalised banks have turned to selling dollars to raise rupee resources amidst signs of tightening liquidity conditions in the ...

the rajkot mercantile co-operative bank (rmcb), which was barred from banking operations on last saturday, is a classic example ...

people living below the poverty line in rural areas will now get insurance cover. the life insurance corporation (lic), in ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) wants securitisation of normal assets to be governed under a separate set of regulations and not ...

visa international is set to launch a slew of new card products in the indian market. the payment company will launch a prepaid ...

national insurance company (nic) would have dipped deeper into red and reported an increased operating loss of rs 284 crore ...

the inevitable has happened. in the second quarter of this fiscal, at least four listed commercial banks all in the old ...

sun life financial inc is eager to increase its stake in its indian joint venture, birla sun life insurance to become an equal ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has sought clarifications on the end use of funds drawn through external commercial borrowings ...

the city-based united bank of india (ubi) will shortly go for an organisational restructuring exercise and will engage the ...

a day after reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor rakesh mohan moved out of mint road to the north block as an economic ...

it s not just the short-term corporate loan rates that have moved up post the reserve bank of india s mid-term policy statement ...

the indigenously developed money market instrument of the clearing corporation of india ltd ( ccil), collateralised lending and ...

m visvesvaraya co-operative bank aims to cut its npas to under 5 per cent of advances by march 2005 from about 8 per cent now. ...

the indian banks association, the premier bankers body in the country, has made a strong puch for corporatisation of all ...

karnataka bank ltd has firmed up plans for a rights issue. the board of directors of the bank will formally discuss the issue at ...

the state bank of india (sbi) intends financing contract farming ventures in vidarbha. the public sector bank is in final stages ...

the finance ministry has appointed v p shetty, the present chairman and managing director (cmd) of uco bank, as the cmd of canara ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today asked commercial banks to formulate their own policies on local and outstation cheque ...

centurion bank would be enhancing its capital base by rs 50 crore through a tier-ii capital raising exercise to rs 200 crore ...

indian bank s visakhapatnam circle, which comprises five coastal districts from srikakulam district to west godavari district, ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest bank, has reported a 9.42 per cent rise in net profit in the second quarter of ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) has clocked a 31 per cent growth in its net profit for the quarter ended september 30, 2004 at rs ...

indian overseas bank (iob) has reported a marginal increase in net profit of rs 158.33 crore for the quarter ending september 30, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has suspended the rajkot mercantile co-operative bank ltd (rmcb) from banking activities ...

state bank of india (sbi) s 24 per cent growth in advances for the first-half year ended september 30, 2004, is not sustainable, ...

the centre will consider strengthening the life insurance corporation of india (lic) management by inducting one more managing ...

banks are set to hike their deposit and lending rates on retail products this week. state bank of india (sbi), icici bank, hdfc ...

the government will stand guarantee for meeting the required solvency margin of the life insurance corporation of india (lic). ...

mangalore-based karnataka bank s net profit for the quarter-ended september 2004 fell 9.17 per cent over the corresponding last ...

deutsche bank yesterday injected rs 419 crore of capital into its indian operations to fund growth. the tier 1 capital infusion ...

the appointments committee of cabinet has asked the finance ministry to work out a fresh set of guidelines for appointment of ...

the union bank of india (ubi) has signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with netafim irrigation pvt ltd recently, to finance ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi), which might take over ifci ltd, has offloaded 4 per cent of its stake in the ailing ...

punjab national bank has reported a 37.6 per cent increase in net profit at rs 412.55 crore during the second quarter of the ...

idbi bank s net profit in the quarter ended september 30, 2004, rose by 4.1 per cent to rs 37.7 crore against rs 36.2 crore. ...

bank of india s net profit in the quarter ended september 30, 2004, plunged by 78.15 per cent to rs 49.54 crore against rs 226.76 ...

private life insurance players do not see a case for hiking foreign direct investment (fdi) in the sector from the current 26 per ...

the finance industry development council (fidc) the self regulatory organisation for registered non banking finance companies ...

kotak mahindra bank s net profit in the quarter ended september 2004 rose by a modest 4 per cent to rs 20.65 crore against rs ...

canara bank s net profit for the quarter ended september 2004 grew 21.96 per cent over the corresponding quarter of last year to ...

andhra bank has posted a 20 per cent drop in net profit for the second quarter ended september 30, 2004, at rs 109.33 crore down ...

the kerala-based lord krishna bank (lkb) today said it had made a profit of rs 26.35 crore in the fiscal ending march this year. ...

bajaj allianz life insurance company has made an accounting surplus of rs 3.67 crore in the first six months of financial year ...

the supreme court (sc) today rejected the application of standard chartered bank alleging unjust enrichment by citibank following ...

the alluva -based private sector federal bank today received a major blow after the kerala high court division bench dismissed ...

bank of baroda s (bob) net profit in the second quarter ended september 2004 declined 17.82 per cent to rs 213.31 crore from rs ...

it was an incident waiting to happen. shaken by the sudden demise of their trust and the possibility losing their hard earned ...

gilt yields inched further up today as banks continued to sell bonds after the reserve bank of india (rbi) hiked the repo rate by ...

leading industry associations have lauded reserve bank of india (rbi) governor yaga venugopal reddy for leaving the bank rate ...

in the mood to pick up a free personal accident insurance cover worth rs 1 lakh no, you do not need to apply for a credit card. ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to publish its second draft policy framework for ownership and governance in private sector ...

reserve bank of india governor yv reddy deftly evades a question on whether the rbi has changed its monetary policy position ...

the state bank of india (sbi) has taken a plunge into the credit derivatives market to cope with the risk arising from its ...

the industrial development bank of india (idbi) is targeting total assets worth rs 1,00,000 crore by the end of this fiscal, said ...

punjab national bank has taken a one-time hit of rs 200 crore in the second quarter on account of shifting rs 9,000 crore worth ...

while indian banks have performed exceptionally well in retail banking, investment banking and credit derivatives are still in a ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has imposed a penalty of rs 2.58 crore on the beleaguered swaminarayan co-operative bank (scb) ...

corporation bank has launched a campaign to mobilise savings bank accounts. for each account opened during the campaign, between ...

kumbakonam-based city union bank limited plans to install 50 atms. the bank, which has introduced any branch banking (abb) in ...

private sector insurance company, sbi life insurance has emerged the single largest group policy seller among private players by ...

just three days after the crisis in surti modh vanik urban co-operative credit society, depositors thronged another co-operative ...

surat-based financial co-operative bank witnessed a run on deposits on saturday. the bank had to be kept open till evening to ...

vijaya bank has registered a 25.5 per cent decline in net profit to touch rs 71.43 crore for the second quarter ended september ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is believed to be considering a proposal to allow exclusivity to the primary dealers (pds) in ...

after placing restriction on the metro co-operative bank, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has placed restrictions under section ...

corporation bank has posted a 81 per cent drop in its net profit for the second quarter ended september 30, 2004, at rs 27.39 ...

hdfc bank s net profit in the quarter ended september 30 rose by 30 per cent to rs 152.3 crore against rs 117.14 crore in the ...

net profit of bank of rajasthan in the quarter ended september 30, 2004, plunged by 42.93 per cent to rs 19.92 crore from rs ...

the hdfc bank board today approved a proposal to raise capital worth $300 million through an offering of american depository ...

the vehicle loan portfolio of indusind bank jumped up 80 per cent to rs 1,800 crore in the first half of 2004-05 from rs 1,000 ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is set to restructure the gold loan scheme to meet the demand for good quality gold from domestic ...

the thrissur-based lord krishna bank is planning a preferential allotment of shares worth rs 100 crore with strategic investors ...

icici bank, the country s second largest commercial bank, today reported a 9.95 per cent rise in net profit in the second quarter ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi), on thursday, placed restrictions under section 35 (a) of banking regulations act, on the ...

societe generale, the fifth largest bank in the euro zone, which manages euro 298 billion under its asset management and private ...

the credit card division of icici bank expects to scale up its point of sale machines to 45,000 from the current 30,000 by the ...

why are co-operative banks in surat being suspended from the clearing house, a step seen as the precursor to the bank being ...

crisil fundservices today said it has launched a floating rate fund (floater) category for mutual fund performance rankings, as ...

the government has approved the second public offer of dena bank aggregating rs 80 crore and comprising 8 crore equity shares of ...

in yet another case of a co-operative bank going bust, surat-based metro co-operative bank ltd has opted out of the clearing ...

bank of rajasthan (bor) is expected to place shares worth rs 100 crore with two private equity investors or foreign institutional ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said it will make public penalties imposed and strictures or directions passed against ...

citigroup is acquiring the direct custody, fund services and securities clearing business of abn amro in select european and ...

union bank of india has posted a 24.12 per cent jump in net profit for the quarter ended september 30, 2004 at rs 211 crore, up ...

the kotak mahindra group today launched the india growth fund, a private equity fund, in partnership with us-based seaf ...

even as serious doubts are being raised over the progress of recovery of dues by the beleaguered madhavpura mercantile ...

rating agency crisil today announced that it has signed an memorandum of understanding (mou) to acquire 100 per cent equity ...

barclays will infuse an additional equity capital of $ 50 million to the indian arm, barclays india. this marks the second round ...

the net profit of state bank of mysore has fallen to rs 43 crore in the second quarter of 2004-05 from rs 45 crore in the ...

icici prudential life insurance company has reported a 169 per cent increase in new premium income at rs 498 crore in the first ...

idbi ltd chairman m damodaran today stated we will look only at 19 public sector banks (psbs) for a merger, ruling out any ...

life insurance corporation of india s (lic) rajahmundry division, which was adjudged the number one division in the country for ...

syndicate bank s net profit for the quarter ended september 2004 fell 34 per cent compared with the corresponding period last ...

the company law board (clb) today extended the stay on the appointment of new directors on federal bank board as the kochi-based ...

state bank of india (sbi), tthe largest commercial bank in the country, is gearing up to unleash a rate war on the credit card ...

the debate on the use of foreign exchange reserves for infrastructure financing has taken a fresh twist with a visiting ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is learnt to be deliberating a case-to-case basis approach for allowing banks to have additional ...

us-based principal financial group, with assets worth $150 billion, is keen on entering the pension insurance sector with its ...

andhra bank proposes to set up an institute of management education in gachibowli, on the lines of the national institute of bank ...

hongkong and shanghai banking corporation (hsbc) will increase its sales staff in india by 400 from the current 2,000 by the end ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today supported the government s proposal to increase the foreign ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) has finalised the blueprint for a pension social security scheme exclusively for ...

first insurance world broking services private limited will focus on providing brokering services to small and medium ...

the decline in the inflation rate to 7.20 per cent for the week ended october 1 charged up government security prices and the ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) recent guidelines on classifying banks investments may have unintended consequence of making ...

life insurance corporation (lic) of india chairman s b mathur said the corporation will either have to hit the capital market ...

there seems to be no ending to the co-operative sector bust. latest addition to it s the surat-based the vitrag co-operative bank ...

state bank of india, has awarded datacraft india, a $1 million contract to design, build and manage a network connecting all its ...

the capital market watchdog wants to regulate the government securities market too. the securities and exchange board of india ...

hdfc bank board will meet on october 21 to discuss a proposal to raise capital through american depositary shares (ads). this ...

uti bank s net profit fell 28 per cent to rs 46.22 crore in the quarter ended september 30, 2004, compared with rs 64.18 crore in ...

r n subramanian, manager-foreign exchange, canara bank, will be the new chairman of the forex association of india for the ...

asrec (india) ltd., an asset reconstruction company promoted by the specified undertaking of the unit trust of india (uti-i) and ...

a voluntary retirement scheme (vrs), and freeze on new recruitment is likely to result in an asset-liability mismatch at the ...

banks sit on a heap of customer information, but most of them lack the analytical expertise to build better consumer banking ...

former rbi deputy governor s s tarapore came down heavily on rbi s practice of keeping rbi nominee directors on the boards of ...

state bank of india (sbi) will have to pump in over $85 million if it wants to maintain majority stake in its subsidiary in ...

a high-level delegation of asian development bank (adb), led by its president tadao chino, is arriving here on friday on a ...

andhra bank today entered into a strategic alliance for third party distribution of mutual funds with tata asset management ...

the reserve bank of india, on wednesday, placed restrictions under section 35 (a) of the banking regulations act, on the ...

punjab national bank (pnb) has withdrawn its application to return capital to the government. the bank had made the move last ...

the daily savings agents of the crisis-hit royal co-operative bank ltd have demanded police protection. the agents made ...

bank of baroda (bob) will be re-entering tanzania after a gap of 37 years. it will be the only indian bank to have its operations ...

two giants of the indian financial landscape, state bank of india (sbi) and the life insurance corporation (lic), have entered ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) invested a total of rs 40,000 crore in the first half of 2004-05, of which 55 per cent ...

with business booming, over 10 banks are in the fray to tap the equity market to fund their expansion plans as well as meet the ...

the left parties seem to have influenced the united progressive alliance government s decision to tone down its intention to lift ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today fixed the cut-off yield of the 7.38 per cent 2015 paper auctioned today, at 6.98 per cent, ...

centurion bank net profit for the quarter ended september 2004 rose to rs 5.26 crore against rs 1.94 crore in the corresponding ...

kolkata-based allahabad bank has declared a 110 per cent growth in net profit to rs 303 crore in the first half (h1) of the ...

malaprabha grameena bank, a leading regional rural bank has registered a net profit of rs 19.53 crore for the half- year ending ...

the defaulters plagued co-operative banks in the state has made the government sit up and take action. the state government has ...

the royal co-operative bank ltd, which was suspended from the clearing house operations on october 6, will start repaying fixed ...

agriculture insurance company of india ltd (aicil), promoted by the general insurance company (gic), nabard and other financial ...

kotak mahindra old mutual life insurance ltd (kotak life insurance) announced a premium income of rs 49.55 crore for the ...

soon after drawing up a restructuring package for the ailing tea industry, the indian banks association (iba) is now working out ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) has recorded a 1097 per cent increase in the number of unit-linked plans sold in ...

the one-month old yes bank is busy designing an expansion strategy to build its business. the bank is set to roll out its retail ...

the board of directors of allahabad bank gave its nod for raising rs 100 crore of tier-i capital from the primary market by ...

the punjab national bank (northern zone) today organised a customer meet of leading industrialists of the area to have their ...

andhra pradesh state co-operative urban banks federation limited is urging the state government to set up a liquidity crisis ...

mahagujarat bank employees association (mbea), affiliated to the all india bank employees association (aibea), has demanded a ...

once bitten is twice shy they say, but often temptation is just too hard to resist many of the depositors of the nagpur mahila ...

kolkata-based non-banking financial company magma leasing limited has now launched car loans in andhra pradesh at an introductory ...

while multi state co-operative banks have reason to cheer as their deposits are now insured with the deposit insurance credit ...

the asset reconstruction company (india) ltd (arcil) today appointed apitco (formerly andhra pradesh industrial and technical ...

tata aig life insurance company has decided to increase its equity capital from the current rs 231 crore to fund expansion and ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is planning to set up a centralised clearing facility and a central warehouse in delhi prior to ...

sidbi venture capital ltd (svcl) has firmed up plans of launching a new rs 500 crore venture capital fund to help small and ...

the corporate debt restructuring (cdr) cell of banks and financial institutions has approved bpl ltd s proposed sale of stake in ...

icici onesource has acquired a new york-based consumer debt collections agency account solutions group (asg) for an undisclosed ...

oriental insurance company limited (oic) and the department of posts on thursday launched the scheme of selling non-life ...

the reason behind the debacle of the co-operative banking sector in gujarat can be put in one sentence blatant misuse of ...

as per the recommendations of the working group on improvements in monitoring of clearing systems , the surat bankers clearing ...

the recent volatility in interest rates, which have resulted in a reduction in indian banks trading profits, may further hurt ...

corporatisation of the life insurance corporation of india (lic) is one of the key agendas for discussion when finance minister p ...

the icici- federal bank spat yesterday took a new turn with a division bench of the kerala high court issuing an interim ...

life insurance corporation (lic) south zone has reported a growth of 155.4 per cent to rs 672 crore in new business premium in ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has penalised a cross-section of public sector, private sector and foreign banks over the ...

it s consolidation time for the foreign exchange market, with the reserve bank of india (rbi) deciding to review the impact of ...

icici bank is expected to increase its stake in bs refrigerators (a bpl group company) shortly. bs refrigerators will consider ...

the surat-based royale co-operative bank ltd was suspended from the clearing house on wednesday by the surat bankers clearing ...

hdfc bank wants to grow its corporate portfolio by 30 per cent in 2004-05 against 15 per cent in the previous year on the back of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) yesterday specified the interest rates payable on premature deposit withdrawals from non-banking ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is understood to be mulling over a repo rate hike of 25-50 basis points in the forthcoming ...

crisil, the credit rating agency, has said that for the first time in 10 years, it did not have to downgrade or dub as potential ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said sale of shares by resident indians to non-residents, other than in the financial ...

some large banks and housing finance companies still do not have an option for customers to switch from a floating rate home loan ...

the public sector union bank of india (ubi) planned to acquire new banks and had held discussions with some merchant banks, a top ...

travelex, one of the world s largest non-bank providers of commercial foreign exchange services, has announced that their indian ...

deg, one of europe s largest development finance institutions, is aggresively stepping up its exposure in the indian market. the ...

state bank of india (sbi) s visakhapatnam zone is expecting a 42 per cent growth in net profits, which is likely to touch the rs ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) will shortly hire an international consultant to restructure and integrate the failed global ...

hdfc bank feels that it may face potential conflict of interest relating to its principal shareholder hdfc ltd as long as the ...

idbi ltd will offer its employees a voluntary retirement scheme (vrs) in line with other public sector banks. the new deemed ...

the private banking arm of abn amro bank plans to increase its assets under advice to rs 4,000 crore and 1,700 clients in the ...

the life insurance council, which has all the life insurance players in india as members, is recommending the creation of a ...

yet another co-operative bank in gujarat is set to shut down as the state government has appointed a liquidator for the sunav ...

lord krishna bank has classified morepen laboratories as a wilful defaulter . the drug firm s corporate debt restructuring (cdr) ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is understood to be relaxing norms for private transfer of shares between resident and ...

delinquency rates in consumer durables loan market have gone up as high as 12-15 per cent, according to industry sources. ...

the net international investment position (inip) of india has improved by $12.04 billion to a net liabilities of $48.60 bn for ...

india has posted a current account surplus of $1.90 billion for the quarter ended june 2004 as against a deficit of $637 million ...

the banking sector is set to witness a market erosion of around rs 4,500-4,800 crore in value of government securities held for ...

stiff prudential norms and capital requirements are likely to prevent public sector banks from increasing the dividend pay-out in ...

the surat-based the century co-operative bank ltd is filing civil suits against loan defaulters, who did not respond to the ...

additional chief judicial magistrate g s shegaonkar has remanded the former manager of nagpur mahila sahakari bank ltd suruchi ...

despite a steep fall in deposits, visakhapatnam co-operative bank limited (vcb) the second largest co-operative bank in terms ...

the shareholders of the vadodara-based shri swaminarayana co-operative bank ltd (sscb) has passed a resolution agreeing to merge ...

in the run up to the conversion of industrial development bank of india (idbi) into a bank, the centre today granted status of a ...

domestic oil companies are rushing into forward contracts in the crude and forex markets to cushion themselves against rising ...

a decision on the merger of financial institution ifci ltd with punjab national bank (pnb) is expected to be taken by the end of ...

a prominent bhilai-based chartered accountant, rakesh prithvilal dhody, was arrested by crime branch officials for his alleged ...

the international monetary fund (imf) has given india the thumbs up for its gradual introduction of greater exchange rate ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has introduced loans for setting up of agri-clinics and ...

the united forum of bank unions (ufbu), a conglomerate of nine bank unions, has called for a nationwide strike on october five ...

the industrial development bank of india (idbi) today raised rs 100 crore three-year money through a uniquely structured floating ...

south-based banks that lure women customers with loans against gold jewellery have done well. this is because women in the ...

the life insurance corporation (lic) has drawn a list of sectors to reinforce its presence in the equity market following a shift ...

bjp leader and the main accused in the multi-crore diamond jubilee co-operative bank scam, c r patil, has proposed a formula for ...

consolidation seems to be the name of the game not only for banks but also for non-banking finance companies. the board of the ...

sumitomo mitsui banking corporation (smbc) and standard chartered bank . announced that the two banks have signed an ...

life insurance corporation (lic), a strategic investor in corporation bank, could provide funds to corporation bank to consummate ...

the board of infrastructure development finance corporation (idfc) today cleared the proposal for an initial public offering ...

indian wealth managers have witnessed a significant rise in new money clients , reveals the latest ibm wealth management ...

with the appointment of a liquidator for dehgam-based shree vitthal co-operative bank and pragati co-operative bank, ahmedabad, ...

taking a cue from the private sector, state bank of india (sbi) is considering a proposal to offer variable pay to its over ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will announce the mid-term review of the annual policy statement for the year 2004-05 on october ...

as part of its customer-centric approach, the mangalore-based premier private sector bank karnataka bank has launched multicity ...

uti bank may not be the numero uno in terms of asset base or profitability, but when it comes to using automated teller machines ...

idbi ltd, the new banking entity which will come into existence on october 1, was registered with the registrar of companies on ...

the government securities market perked up last week with the centre reducing its borrowing target to rs 44,000 crore for the ...

the spot rupee is expected to hover in the 45.80-46.00 range against the dollar. the bias will be more towards appreciation both ...

government securities are expected to trade in a narrow range ahead of banks half-yearly accounts closure on september 30, with ...

the primary market for corporate bonds is likely to see a 10-year bond issue from tata power to raise around rs 700 crore. ...

birla sun life insurance (bsli) is targeting a 62 per cent growth in premium income at rs 800 crore for the current year. the ...

hdfc bank is planning to expand its overseas operations in south-east asia, europe and the us. at present, the bank has a ...

the board of directors of corporation bank today authorised its management to scout for banks for acquisition. this is the first ...

the state bank of india (sbi) is setting up specialised cells to sanction retail loans fast and thereby crunch the turnaround ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to liberalise the discretionary investments limit for residuary non-banking companies ...

icici bank senior general manager m n gopinath today denied any irregularity in the appointment of k s harshan as the executive ...

major bond market borrowers such as indian railway finance corporation and konkan railway corporation, along with banks such as ...

the asset reconstruction company (india) ltd (arcil), india s first asset reconstruction firm, is refusing to buy non-performing ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on tuesday imposed severe restrictions on the troubled nagpur mahila nagarik sahakari bank ltd ...

the maharashtra government has appointed yes bank as advisor for chalking out the roadmap for the proposed thrust into life ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) will play the role of a mediator between its 10-lakh agency force and its own class ...

chryscapital ii llc, a leading venture capital firm, will acquire a 13 per cent stake in development credit bank (dcb) for an ...

aviva, the fifth largest global insurance company, will hire around 3,300 people in india and sri lanka by 2007. this is part of ...

the share price of the industrial development bank of india (idbi) spurted to a 52-week high on the back of buying interest and a ...

the state bank of india (sbi) would prefer to offload part of its equity stake in sbi life insurance company to the public rather ...

standard chartered bank today said its corporate banking business has grown 31 per cent in the first half of 2004, and has been a ...

bank of baroda (bob) is likely to report a 15 per cent drop in operating profit for the current fiscal. meanwhile the public ...

bank of baroda (bob) has announced its second public offer of 9.1 crore equity shares in january 2005 to raise around rs 1,500 ...

trade unions and bank employees federations have opposed the imposition of the 10 per cent service tax on banking services like ...

the world bank (wb) and the international monetary fund (imf) have proposed that laws should ensure that financial institutions ...

kotak mahindra bank (kmb) has introduced the option of a novel benchmark for its floating rate home loans its one-year fixed ...

in a bilateral deal between the new generation private sector hdfc bank and mortgage major housing development finance ...

v leeladhar the newly appointed deputy governor of the reserve bank of india (rbi) will oversee the department of information ...

the country s largest private sector bank, icici bank, does not wish to participate in the consolidation process in the indian ...

icici lombard general insurance company and icici prudential life insurance company will go public when the respective companies ...

co-operative banks in surat have welcomed the recent guidelines issued by the reserve bank of india (rbi), which are aimed at an ...

bank of india (boi), punjab national bank (pnb), corporation bank, canara bank, indian farmers fertiliser co-operative ltd ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday issued the government s market borrowing programme for the second half of the fiscal, ...

dena bank is undertaking a massive recast exercise. the public sector bank proposes to close down 50 branches and recruit ...

in a move aimed at consolidating its urban banking operations, dena bank has decided to merge 50 urban branches with other urban ...

india s consumer credit market is under-developed and there is more scope for the banks to grow in this market, according to the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is attempting to become more open to change not just in its policies, but it has now embarked ...

seeking to turn the tables on predators, karnataka bank chairman ananthakrishna said, we are on the lookout for acquiring ...

one of the oldest co-operative banks in mysore, the 80-year-old graduates co-operative bank (gcb), has computerised its ...

the increase in cash reserve ratio (crr) by half a per centage point by rbi would not affect the liquidity of indian overseas ...

the government borrowing for the second half of the current fiscal 2004-05 is likely to figure in the range of rs 43,000-45,000 ...

with the service sector turning into the driving force for economic growth and employment, the indian banking industry will have ...

the small industries development bank of india (sidbi) plans to initiate a rs 500 crore venture capital fund by september-end. it ...

the indian government will soon unveil a policy guideline to encourage mergers and acquisitions in the indian banking sector, ...

technology is needed most by the poorer sections of the society. it is true that though in india it has remained largely ...

barring six out of 698 complains lodged before the banking ombudsman (bo) during 2003-04 , all cases have been resolved within a ...

bank of india (boi) is exploring the possibility of taking over a small bank in jakarta, indonesia to strengthen its overseas ...

the poor are clearly a business opportunity for any sector, including banks, speakers at a session on agriculture and micro ...

union bank of india (ubi) is planning to open a representative office in china. a ubi official informed that the bank has applied ...

with the services sector becoming the driving force for economic growth and employment, the indian banking industry will have to ...

corporates buying dollars in the overseas rupee market and selling them back home resulted in a volatile rupee, which moved in a ...

the gujarat high court, on tuesday, ordered that kanaksinh mangrola, the prime accused in the suryapur co-operative bank scam, be ...

union bank of india - southern zone, expects its agricultural lending to increase by 30 per cent during the current financial ...

new private sector banks such as icici bank, hdfc bank, idbi bank and uti bank are increasingly tying up with triple-a (aaa) ...

centurion bank is revamping its management team and vivek vig, a citibank executive based in saudi arabia, is expected to assume ...

chennai based indian bank today said it plans to acquire a domestic bank by this fiscal end. the bank s chairman m b n rao ...

the forthcoming annual general meeting of federal bank scheduled to be held on september 27 is expected to be stormy as various ...

india has become one of the most popular destinations for offshoring insurance processes and top insurance companies in the us ...

the ahmedabad-based gruh finance ltd, a housing finance company operating in gujarat and maharashtra, has reviewed its lending ...

after raising the cash reserve ratio (crr) of commercial banks, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today increased the crr for ...

bank of india (boi) plans to establish subsidiaries in shenzen, china and san francisco, us a nigerian unit is likely too by ...

state bank of india (sbi) and icici bank, the two largest commercial banks in the country on tuesday said that the reserve bank ...

many banks are likely to post trading losses for the quarter ended september 30 owing to today s volatility and expectations of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has today permitted sri lankan citizens to purchase shares or convertible debentures of an indian ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is understood to have proposed 49 per cent stake for foreign institutional investors (fii) in ...

the federation of surat textile traders association has decided to socially and financially boycott a money lending firm ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi), on saturday, placed restrictions under section 35 (a) of the banking regulations act, on ...

bond market players are a divided lot on the prospects of the reserve bank of india hiking the interest rate to counter ...

as many as 93 per cent of those who responded to a federation of indian chambers of commerce and industry (ficci) survey on the ...

customers increased preference to buy insurance from banks is encouraging greater number of bancassurance tie ups with public ...

some public sector banks have started rejigging their investment portfolios by transferring their statutory liquidity ratio (slr) ...

the new delhi-based, punjab national bank ltd. s board has approved plans to make a public offer of 50 million shares, it told ...

both the government securities and the foreign exchange market reacted to the reserve bank of india s decision on saturday to ...

with the centre planning to double the farm credit in the next three years from rs 80,000 crore in 2003-04 to over rs 1,60,000 ...

finance minister p chidambaram today said more measured steps would be taken to contain inflation, which was shooting up mainly ...

us-based capital research and management company has acquired an additional 1.38 per cent stake in housing development finance ...

the hike in cash reserve ratio (crr) will not put immediate pressure on interest rates, senior bankers said. however, in the ...

the banking industry s interest income from the cash reserve ratio (crr) money kept with the reserve bank of india (rbi) will ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is understood to be considering whether or not to continue with the market stabilisation scheme ...

the petlad nagarik sahakari bank (pnsb) in anand district is now likely to go for liquidation as the after the gujarat high court ...

reserve bank of india has asked banks to undertake a special scrutiny of the computation of demand and time liabilities (dtl) or ...

the new delhi-based punjab national bank (pnb) has plans to set up a joint venture unit in kazakhstan in partnership with the ...

corporatisation will help the government extend tax sops to public sector banks, which are looking at mergers and acquisitions ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) proposes to strength the board of large public sector banks by inducting greater number of ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will review the working of the bank deposit insurance scheme, including its coverage to align it ...

icici lombard general insurance, which pioneered the weather insurance scheme for orange growers in the jhalawar, kota, and baran ...

major banks, including the state bank of india, icici bank, canara bank, punjab national bank and central bank ruled out any ...

in what could be mentioned as the first partial devolvement on the reserve bank of india (rbi) during the government borrowing ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has sent a proposal to the finance ministry expressing its unwillingness to depute nominee ...

in a snap poll of 10 private bank ceos, conducted by business standard at the confederation ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) feels that there is no dearth of domestic capital for the indian banking system to support its ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today clarified that the draft proposal to cap promoters holdings in private banks at 10 per ...

the cooperative banking sector has assailed the finance ministry s proposed move to keep the long-term credit structure out of ...

the new private sector banks led by idbi bank and indusind bank are queuing up at the doors of the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

the baroda city cooperative bank (bccb) has seized the properties of six defaulters under the securitisation and reconstruction ...

indian bank has set its sights on becoming a zero non performing asset (npa) bank by march 2007, when the bank celebrates its ...

private life insurer, aviva life insurance and the indian institute management, ahmedabad (iim-a) penned a memorandum of ...

chennai-based united india insurance co ltd (ui) has reported a jump of 122.49 per cent in net profit to rs 380.45 for the year ...

in order to ensure smooth sailing of government borrowing papers at the auction tomorrow, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has ...

interest rate derivatives volume tripled to rs 300 crore on wednesday versus rs 100 crore in january, as companies hedged against ...

the reserve bank of india s monetary credit policy for the second half will signal a hardening of interest rates in the ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) assisted 582 private sector companies recorded a 81.8 per cent rise in aggregate net ...

solar power may come to the rescue of some of the public sector banks which are finding it difficult to comply with the central ...

after driving down yields of frequently traded benchmark government papers, banks have started chasing illiquid government ...

the finance ministry has decided to ask public sector banks to reduce their investment in government securities and instead offer ...

kavish arora will be heading the northern india region of bank of america in his new appointment as principal (global corporate ...

the suryapur bank scam is getting murkier by day. now the state cooperation department has filed two more complaints of fraud, ...

there are far too many public sector banks in a country like india and sooner or later, there is a need for a consolidation in ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has directed banks and financial institutions (fis) to promote corporate-linked small and medium ...

rating agency crisil, on monday, upgraded the bond ratings of four public sector banks bank of baroda, canara bank, indian ...

abn amro bank nv, the dutch banking major, is planning to set up a wholly owned subsidiary in india to foray into micro ...

the indian banks association is offering the 10-lakh public sector bank employees a 9.5 per cent increase in wage bill under the ...

the union finance minister palaniappan chidambaram will be reviewing the investment portfolio of major banks and the banking ...

the operations of residuary non-banking companies (rnbc) would be severely affected if the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

top indian corporates, which had plans to tap foreign currency borrowings, are heading back home to raise rupee term credit ...

the mumbai debt recovery tribunal (drt-i) has dismissed a suit filed by the erstwhile anz grindlays bank (which got merged with ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has directed banks and financial institutions (fis) to actively promote corporate-linked small ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has permitted urban co-operative banks (ucbs) to implement the 90-day impairment norm from the ...

citibank will introduce private banking services some time in october where the threshold limit will be to look after individual ...

yes bank today formally announced the commencement of its banking business after the reserve bank of india included its name in ...

private sector banks are set to become one of the most aggressive recruiters this fiscal as they go on a major expansion spree, ...

citigroup said indian corporate earnings growth would be at a healthy 17 per cent during 2004-06 despite being lower than the ...

asian household wealth has grown at an average 7.6 per cent in the last three years despite the economic downturn during ...

eastern zone has maintained its supremacy in life insurance corporation of india s (lic) business last fiscal selling 65.23 ...

citigroup india has evinced interest in being a part of the financial consortium that will jointly fund the proposed rs 1,300 ...

the gujarat government on thursday appointed assistant surat district registrar (co-operatives) j r charel the liquidator of the ...

the legal wrangle over the tuticorin-based tamilnad mercantile bank (tmb) took a fresh turn today, with the madurai bench of the ...

the representatives of federations of urban and rural co-operative banks in a meeting with the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

the vadodara division of the life insurance corporation of india (lic) will conduct several social activities over the next one ...

the entry of private players in the insurance segment seems to have affected life insurance corporation s performance. lic s ...

surat is fast gaining notoriety in the co-operative banking sector, with the reserve bank of india (rbi) revoking the licence of ...

public sector banks are queuing up to hit the equity market to raise capital as the deadline to provide for the basel ii norms ...

kotak investment banking has elevated s sriniwasan, s ramesh and tv raghunath to the position of executive directors. in a media ...

the life insurance corporation (lic) has claimed it is now the first company in the world to have settled all claims in a zone in ...

provident funds (pfs) are picking up aaa-rated corporate debt paper even as these are being quoted at a negative spread to ...

oil companies are rushing to raise both rupee and dollar loans from commercial banks as rising international crude prices and ...

the syndicate bank has signed an mou with royal enfield for providing finance for the latter s two-wheeler products here on ...

with a total first premium collection of rs 92 crore as on august 31, 2004, life insurance corporation of india (lic) s ernakulam ...

the state bank of india (sbi) is targeting to reduce its net non-performing assets (npa) to net advances ratio to about 2 per ...

us federal reserve chairman alan greenspan believes that america should allow the creation and adoption of labour-saving ...

the south-central zone of life insurance corporation (lic) has set a premium target of rs 15,500 crore, including a first premium ...

the indian banks association (iba) is pushing for corporatisation of public sector banks (psbs) as a precondition to the ...

the asset reconstruction company of india ltd (arcil) has scaled down its earlier target of buying sticky assets worth rs 20,000 ...

depositors thronged the surat-based century co-operative bank on wednesday even as bank officials claimed the bank s condition ...

with an aim to boost its rural credit portfolio, icici bank launched icici bank kisan loan card. the bank has launched the card ...

between july 1997 and october 2003, the yield on the most traded 10-year government security a barometer for domestic interest ...

the yield on the 10-year benchmark government paper (7.37 per cent 2014) moved sharply downward today, piercing the 6 per cent ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) has been ranked the 12th largest life insurance company in the asian region outside ...

ahmedabad-based kalupur commercial co-operative bank s (kccb) reserves have crossed rs 500 crore. the net non performing assets ...

yet another co-operative bank in gujarat was faced with a crisis on tuesday. the reserve bank of india suspended the surat-based ...

hewlett-packard (hp), in association with industrial development bank of india (idbi) and idbi bank, will set the roadmap to ...

this year s annual report of the reserve bank of india comes at a time of great uncertainty and change in the economy. it is only ...

the industry is surprised over the state bank of india (sbi) hiking interest rates at a time when there is adequate liquidity in ...

the new india assurance company has posted over 354 per cent rise in underwriting profit of rs 109 crore on a total premium ...

the state bank of india (sbi) is all set to open its small and medium enterprises (sme) banking division as it expects a 20 per ...

idbi bank has opened its second branch in jaipur at the gem and jewellery hub johari bazar. johari bazar is synonymous with gems ...

city-based ap mahesh co-operative urban bank limited is planning to implement a core banking solution (cbs) across all its ...

bajaj allianz general insurance company plans to open more than five satellite offices in gujarat. this will be in addition to ...

domestic income of the reserve bank of india (rbi) has fallen sharply by over 60 per cent to rs 5,220.2 crore in 2003-04, ...

to sustain an overall economic growth of 7 per cent and more, agricultural growth rate has to be increased to a minimum of around ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) in its annual report released today stated that the outlook for headline inflation is less ...

for the last five years, the cost of borrowings by the central government may have been coming down, but the wheel may just make ...

the finance minister s remarks at the annual general meeting of the indian banks association (iba) the other day indicate that ...

even as interest rates seem all set to rise, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has expressed concern over the level of banks ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has implied on the need for rebalancing of portfolios by market participants with a rise in ...

state-owned power finance corp. ltd. is considering a foray into the insurance and merchant banking sectors as part of its ...

the rate of financial savings of the household sector stood higher at 11.8 per cent of gross domestic product (gdp) at current ...

the small-scale industries development bank of india (sidbi) has constituted a rs 500 crore venture capital fund to be made ...

the rbi has increased the balance in the contingency reserve by rs 969.47 crore to rs 56,218.76 crore as on june 30, 2004 over rs ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will issue fresh licences for urban co-operative banks (ucbs) after a comprehensive policy is put ...

the gujarat high court on friday quashed the interim bail of c r patil, the prime accused in the multi-crore diamond jubilee ...

the institute for development and research in banking technology (idbrt) has launched the national financial switch (nfs), ...

after agreeing on a free trade agreement early this year, finance ministers and regulators of south asia will discuss ways of ...

i have many fond and nostalgic memories of calcutta (sorry, kolkata) going back to more than 35 years. when i was president of a ...

the bond market staged a rally on friday and the yield on the 10-year benchmark 7.37 per cent 2104 paper closed at 6.08 per cent. ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has indicated that the recent spurt in inflation is mainly the result of a supply shock and the ...

sas motors ltd, manufacturers of low cost chinese tractors, is in talks with canara bank to help farmers buy the rs 99,000 ...

the mangalore-based corporation bank has won the prestigious best bank award for delivery channels from the institute for ...

lic housing finance ltd s (lichfl) one-crore global depository receipts (gdr) issue opened on friday. the issue is lead managed ...

icici bank has sold two non-performing accounts of bpl group companies bs refrigerators ltd and bs appliances ltd to the asset ...

the finance ministry has hiked the aggregate ceiling for issue of bonds under the market stabilisation scheme (mss) to rs 80,000 ...

bajaj allianz life insurance company limited has tied up with iguru.biz , a self-study online portal for training insurance ...

ing vysya bank has closed its syndicated loan offering after it was oversubscribed by 40 per cent. as a result, the bank has ...

one more co-operative bank in anand district is headed for liquidation. the reserve bank of india (rbi) on august 24 cancelled ...

defaulting borrowers may have to deposit part of the disputed amount if they want to stall seizure and sale of assets by ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has set the ball rolling for consolidation among public sector banks (psb) and has asked the ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) has selected j walter thompson, mudra communications, fcb ulka and rediffusion tyr ...

the union cabinet on wednesday approved amendments to the banking regulation act to give powers to the reserve bank of india ...

hdfc standard life insurance company plans to double its distribution network in gujarat by the end of the current financial ...

pnb gilts, a primary dealer (pd), posted a net profit of rs 106.95 crore last year. in the april-june quarter of this year, it ...

south indian co-operative bank s (sicb) depositors have threatened to move court against the reserve bank of india (rbi) for not ...

rbi governor y v reddy assured bankers that the reserve bank of india (rbi) is closely monitoring the interest rate and ...

the indian banks association (iba) has requested the reserve bank of india (rbi) to enhance the proposed cap on holding in ...

despite the turmoil in the government securities market, union bank of india has projected a 40 per cent rise in net profit for ...

chennai-based indian bank reported a marginal growth of 6.7 per cent to rs 118.13 crore in net profit for the first quarter ended ...

icici bank has taken the rate war to the enemy camp by slashing interest rates by 100 basis points in the credit card segment, ...

the reserve bank of india took stock of the impact of the rising bond yield on commercial banks balance sheets at a meeting of ...

how many times have you wished that the salary cheque you deposited in the bank got cleared in a day instead of the usual three ...

how low can you go personal credit just became cheaper, at less than 12 per cent per annum icici bank launched its unique ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) wants to raise the cap on the market stabilisation scheme (mss) meant to suck out excess ...

bank of baroda (bob) will close down its hong kong subsidiary and open a branch to take advantage of the growing business between ...

standard chartered bank will venture into the consumer finance business, and take on global giants general electric and citi ...

the government is likely to ease the dividend policy for commercial banks. according to banking sources, at the recently held ...

the co-operatives department of the gujarat government on monday appointed a three-member administrative committee for the ...

the market regulator sebi (securities and exchange board of india) has found that the promoter of the beleaguered global trust ...

net non-performing assets (npas) of 19 listed public sector banks (psbs) declined 3.6 per cent or by rs 557 crore in the quarter ...

the visakhapatnam division of life insurance corporation of india (lic) is targeting 25 per cent growth in net profit during this ...

urban co-operative banks in the state are unhappy over the stand taken by the gujarat urban co-operative banks federation ...

the office of the central registrar of co-operative societies (crcs) under the department of agriculture and co-operation of the ...

door-step delivery and cash pick-ups are fast gaining popularity among business clients and high networth individuals. individual ...

banks have started outsourcing foreign currency and traveller s cheque businesses to foreign exchange specialists such as thomas ...

allahabad bank intends to increase its exposure to agriculture credit by over 300 per cent as against the 30 per cent level set ...

credit offtake in the banking sector has more than doubled to rs 1,62,463 crore (year-on-year) as on august 6, 2004, from rs ...

in a reversal of trend, public sector general insurance companies which have been steadily losing market share to their private ...

the small industries development bank of india (sidbi) will shortly launch a rs 500-crore venture capital fund for small ...

want to experience the beauty of the scottish highlands and relax and unwind at the castle of the chivas brothers in the ...

food for one financial intermediary, it seems, is poison for another. housing finance companies (hfcs) are wooing professionals ...

icici bank today launched hello canada newcomers account designed to provide instant access to banking services in canada for ...

the bank of punjab (bop) has announced a lowering of interest rates on all kinds of loans by one percentage point, with a view to ...

standard poor s, in line with the revision of outlook on sovereign rating, today raised its outlook on the ratings of state ...

state bank of india (sbi) will not be required to dip into its investment fluctuation reserve (ifr) to ward off the impact of ...

state bank of india (sbi), the country s largest commercial bank, is planning to mop up $250-500 million through a bond issue in ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is understood to be raising its outlook on the inflation rate upwards to a range of 6-6.5 per ...

a division bench of gujarat high court on thursday dismissed the writ petition filed by city co-operative bank depositors ...

infosys technologies has announced that the state bank of india has selected finacle, a universal banking solution from infosys, ...

only eight of the 26 major commercial banks have managed to meet the target of lending 18 per cent of their net credit disbursals ...

wipro infotech has successfully completed a study of the risk assessment and disaster recovery of the information system of ...

the bank of rajasthan s financial performance has improved significantly in the five years ended march 31, 2004. its net profit ...

shareholders of the surat-based city co-operative bank have demanded the removal of the bank s administrator r r waghasia for ...

seafarers earning in dollars are no longer immediately converting their greenbacks into rupees, nor are they simply shopping for ...

the housing development finance corporation (hdfc) will not be alone in hiking its lending rates. lic housing finance is also in ...

capital research, an investment wing of the capital one group, bought 5,70,495 shares of kotak mahindra bank in a block deal at a ...

banks have asked the national stock exchange (nse) for an early launch of exchange traded futures so as to have enough products ...

the andhra pradesh government is actively considering a proposal to raise rs 2,500-5,000 crore through low-cost bonds from the ...

the next time you walk into a bank branch to buy a demand draft for rs 100, please carry a change of 51 paise. why well, you ...

icici onesource ltd (i-onesource), a business process outsourcing (bpo) arm of icici bank, today announced that it had signed ...

housing finance major housing development finance corporation (hdfc) has sold its entire 12 per cent stake in sbi home finance in ...

the path for liquidating the surat-based suryapur co-operative bank has been cleared, with the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

the new india assurance company will tie up with amp sanmar life insurance company tomorrow. this will be the first tie up of its ...

defending the government s decision to merge the global trust bank with the oriental bank of commerce, finance minister p ...

the government securities market received a jolt today when the reserve bank of india (rbi) lowered the cut-off prices thereby ...

domestic banks, after climbing the great wall of china, have now set sights on malaysia. recently bank of baroda (bob) opened a ...

the management of centurion bank is contemplating an employees stock option scheme (esop) which was likely to be offered after ...

union bank of india, in an effort to increase agriculture lending targets, will double the flow of credit to the sector in the ...

andhra bank and tvs motor company on tuesday launched tvs chakra , a scheme for enabling easy finance for two-wheelers across ...

commercial banks have sought the opening of a window by the reserve bank of india (rbi) to buy back government securities from ...

state government and officials of the madhavpura mercantile co-operative bank (mmcb) on tuesday claimed that the reserve bank of ...

bank managements are on the warpath to stall any move by trade unions to disrupt their working in wake of the one-day strike on ...

the crisis-hit madhavpura mercantile co-operative bank has received a fresh lease of life, with the central government extending ...

south indian co-operative bank (sicb) has made a representation to the reserve bank of india (rbi) urging it to revise the ...

corporate papers with a rating provide good investment opportunities as their credit ratings have stabilised and financial ...

pricing of insurance risks is declining and the non-life insurance markets in the asian pacific region have passed the cyclical ...

the competitive pressure on non-life insurance players to increase their topline even by risking their bottomline has taken a ...

syndicate bank is offering a special package of softer loan terms to eligible exporters under the syndexport gold card scheme ...

ahmedabad-based shri mahila sewa sahakari bank (sewa bank), a co-operative bank working for the economic upliftment of poor and ...

the uk-headquartered barclays bank plc will buy out the 50 per cent shareholding of housing development finance corporation ltd ...

in a bid to make general insurance corporation of india (gic) a leaner organisation now that it has to compete with other ...

in what could be a first in the history of banking mergers in the country, the erstwhile global trust bank (gtb) may be accorded ...

jp morgan chase bank is boosting its indian outfit by adding more employees across all segments research, sales and ecm ...

union bank of india, to ramp up its international business, has sought the reserve bank of india s (rbi) approval to set up a ...

the state bank of india (sbi) has appointed deloitte touche as consultant to prepare a roadmap for prudent risk management. ...

the maharashtra state co-operative banks association today cried foul on the step-motherly treatment given to co-operative ...

the reserve bank of india today put the mumbai-based maratha mandir co-operative bank under directives, restraining it from ...

walk into any supermarket, bank, post office, atm, internet kiosk or departmental store today and you can pick up an insurance ...

yield on government securities dropped after a week-long rise following the re-introduction of one-day repo by the reserve bank ...

after south indian co-operative bank in mumbai and city co-op bank in surat, two more co-operative banks in the country s ...

the gujarat government has initiated action against several people allegedly responsible for the collapse of over two dozen urban ...

agriculture minister sharad pawar has asked co-operative banks to find ways and means to reduce the cost of capital to be able to ...

relaxation of controls on lending in public sector banks both by reducing public ownership and reforming incentive structure is a ...

panicky depositors of the surat-based city co-operative bank thronged its branches on thursday to withdraw money after the ...

gujarat industrial co-operative bank (gicb) branches saw depositors thronging their cash counters on thursday, apparently ...

the 1,300-odd employees of global trust bank (gtb) may have to face a cut in salaries. gtb has salary scales which are ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is aggressively selling dollars through major public sector banks to support the rupee and ...

rising interest rates have meant a notional loss for life insurance companies, while it is a win-and-lose proposition for ...

rising yield rates have shaved off rs 63,483 crore from the value of government bonds in the current fiscal year till august 11, ...

the government securities yield curve has stiffened since the beginning of the new financial year. the spread between overnight ...

canara bank has entered into a strategic alliance with hdfc mutual fund for cross-selling he latter s schemes initially at 60 ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today directed indusind bank to drop pricewaterhouse coopers as its auditor. pwc has been the ...

the quarterly crisil composite performance rankings carried out by crisil fundservices for the quarter ended june indicate that ...

indian overseas bank (iob) is increasing its thrust on agricultural lending during this fiscal and plans to double this segment ...

sbi mutual fund, one of the largest bank sponsored mutual funds in the country, has tied up with andhra bank to distribute its ...

the deposit insurance and credit guarantee corporation (dicgc) is preparing to reply to a notice issued by the gujarat high court ...

when i get older, losing my hair, many years from now, will you still be sending me a valentine, birthday greeting, bottle of ...

the central bureau of investigation (cbi) today conducted raids on offices and residence of senior officials of bank of ...

four major banks, including state bank of india and icici bank, have been appointed as the preferred banks for extending loans to ...

the hike in interest rates by us and british central banks has not deterred the plans of the country s two largest banks icici ...

the institute of chartered accountants of india (icai), a regulatory body for chartered accountants, has been pulled up by the ...

the government was not averse to mega merger of banks and financial institutions like idbi and ifci, if all stipulated norms of ...

nutan nagarik sahakari bank (nnsb) chairman parthiv adhyaru said on monday that, while it is necessary to revive the madhavpura ...

retail loan companies asset profile may be worse than conventional methods to measure defaults suggest, according to a study by ...

the deposit insurance and credit guarantee corporation (dicgc) has sanctioned rs 140 crore out of the rs 240 crore claimed by the ...

taking a defiant stance, the ahmedabad-based nutan nagarik sahakari bank has stated that the deposit insurance credit guarantee ...

kotak mahindra s overseas partner old mutual plc in kotak mahindra old mutual life insurance ltd is keen on increasing its stake ...

business houses and companies that have moved into the financial sector in a big way had better beware big brother is ...

hdfc bank is planning to give its merchant acquiring business a big push. it has already set up around 40,000 electronic data ...

the central board of trustees (cbt) is learnt to have asked the finance ministry to continue with the special deposit scheme ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on monday put the mumbai-based south indian co-operative bank (sicb) under a directive ...

india s foreign exchange reserves dipped by $1.26 billion to $118.32 billion in the week ended july 30, 2004, from $119.58 ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) does not see the recent 0.25 per cent hike in housing loan interest rates ...

the reserve bank of india, taking forward the liberalisation in external sector, is mulling over a proposal to increase the ...

wall street finance, a leader in the forex and inward roney remittance business, has reported a 13% increase in net profit at rs ...

the stock market has little doubt about who is winning the corporate shootout in the banking sector it gives hdfc bank a ...

interest rates on short-term bank loans are poised to go up, with the rate of inflation having risen to 7.51 per cent, though ...

the securities and exchange board india (sebi) chairman g n bajpai on monday denied reports of the government seeking ...

the punjab national bank (pnb), a stake-holder of the national multi-commodity exchange is set to launch a warehouse receipt (wr) ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) has directed all mutual funds to furnish details of their investments in fixed ...

chakravarty rangarajan, chairman of the 12th finance commission, today made a strong pitch for higher real interest rates for ...

bankers have adopted a wait and watch policy before increasing their deposits and corporate lending rates even as the retail ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has launched a pilot project in six districts of andhra pradesh, ...

the state run employees provident fund (epf) have invested close to rs 60,000 crore in poor quality assets, and the possibility ...

urban co-operative banks in the state feel that the recent circular by the reserve bank of india asking them to classify their ...

the repatriates co-operative finance and development bank limited (repco bank), which has been working under the jurisdiction of ...

insurer max new york life plans to strengthen its presence in gujarat in the next one year, managing director and chief executive ...

the bond market was not amused by the chief economic advisor s recent remarks on inflation turning out to be so far off the mark. ...

even as most housing finance companies are grappling with rising interest rates, bhw birla home finance ltd has dropped its rate ...

the finance ministry has given a clean chit to centurion bank just before its proposed rights issue of rs 90.8 crore slated by ...

the centre has rejected the rs 500 crore revival grant sought by the crisis-ridden madhavpura mercantile co-operative bank ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) has extended a rs 2,000 crore loan to rural electrification corporation ltd (rec). ...

with an aim to leverage emerging asset classes and to offer customers a varied product base, kotak mahindra bank is launching ...

with the point to point inflation rate having shot past the 7 per cent mark, the government has a problem on its hand in ...

responding to an appeal from the chairman of state bank of india the state bank of india staff association has with drawn its ...

the eastern region office of small industries development bank of india (sidbi) has targeted a rs 350 crore sanction figure for ...

the deposit insurance guarantee corporation of india (dicgc) has sent a letter to multi state co-operative banks (banks that are ...

in its revised proposal for private banks, the reserve bank of india (rbi) may do away with the suggestion of 10 per cent holding ...

in yet another attempt to bring the co-operative banks on par with commercial banks, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has directed ...

idbi home finance will be dissolved following the merger of industrial development bank of india (idbi) with idbi bank. home ...

the rbi s focus on risk-based supervision for banks, although in itself certainly worthy, seems somewhat incongruous when you ...

hero honda, in association with sbi cards, on wednesday launched the hero honda sbi credit card for members of the automobile ...

aviva plc expects india to increase its contribution to its global balance sheet with a hike in foreign direct investment (fdi) ...

bankmuscat, the largest bank in the sultanate of oman, has opened a rs 188 crore line of credit to assist centurion bank in its ...

centurion bank has cleaned up the balance sheet by setting aside adequate provisions for bad loans and by significant capital ...

after more than five years during which interest rates on housing loans moved only downwards, the first signs of reversal have ...

indusind bank is exiting large-sized corporate accounts which are yielding low returns to focus more on small and medium ...

the industrial development bank of india (idbi) will go for more takeovers to enhance balance sheet, post-merger with idbi bank. ...

public sector banks (psbs), yet to come to terms with the lower profit growth in the recent quarter, have decided to hedge their ...

standard poor s (s p) ratings services today said the proposed merger between the industrial development bank of india ...

a double whammy will soon be landing on those planning to take a home loan not only will they have to contend with higher ...

indusind bank has embarked on a human resource (hr) integration following the merger of ashok leyland finance (alf) with itself. ...

what s in a name clearly a great deal as the erstwhile allianz bajaj life insurance company realises, having changed its ...

the government securities market felt easy for a short while yesterday after reassuring statements coming from both the finance ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has cancelled the licence of sri patni co-operative bank (spcb) which has over 24,000 ...

the financial sector, affected by the collapse of global trust bank (gtb), has raised concerns over banks exposure to equities. ...

icici prudential life insurance has topped the private life insurance sector in the large-ticket group insurance business with a ...

in view of the heavy opposition against the guideline barring more than 10 per cent holding by a single entity in a private bank, ...

the customs department, in what promises to blow up into a full scale turf war with the reserve bank of india (rbi), has blamed ...

the moratorium on global trust bank and its subsequent shotgun wedding with the oriental bank of commerce in the interest of ...

the recent failure of the global trust bank (gtb) begs the question how can the average account holder assess the quality and ...

the arizona-based efunds, which was using india as a base for its call center activity to service clients in the us and europe, ...

the mumbai-based chartered accountancy firm m p chitale co has been appointed to conduct a due diligence exercise on global ...

with the supreme court directing charotar nagarik sahakari bank s former managing director dipak patel and his two brothers to ...

despite inflation hovering over the 6 per cent mark, the reserve bank of india on friday said it would not change the inflation ...

the insurance brokers association of india (ibai), the only trade body of licensed insurance brokers, has appealed to the ...

even as doubts are being raised over whether the beleaguered madhavpura mercantile co-operative bank (mmcb) will be revived, a ...

public sector banks (psbs) on friday made a representation to the reserve bank of india (rbi) asking the government to consider ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is contemplating relaxing the limits put for electronic fund transfer (eft) and electronic ...

the swap ratio for the idbi-idbi bank merger is likely to be 1 1 because of the financial institution s majority stake in the ...

indian overseas bank is hoping that the reserve bank of india (rbi) will make a deviation from the rules and allow it to retain ...

the industrial development bank of india (idbi) has reported a 55 per cent drop in its net profit for the quarter ended june 30, ...

dena bank has posted a 25.75 per cent increase in net profit at rs 36.72 crore for the first quarter ended june 30,2004, as ...

bank of india has posted a 20.2 per cent drop in net profit at rs 162.69 crore for the quarter ended 30 june 2004 as compared ...

andhra bank has reported a 26.5 per cent rise in net profit to rs 150.16 crore in the first quarter ended june 30, 2004, compared ...

human resource management is a key challenge that the merged entity industrial development bank of india (idbi) and idbi bank ...

idbi bank has been upgraded to aa from a on account of the merger with industrial development bank of india (idbi), said ...

the industrial development bank of india (idbi) has got a dream deal with the government deciding to pump in rs 9,000 crore ...

public sector banks (psbs) are stepping up vigilance on spending under the kisan credit card (kcc) scheme following instances of ...

the promoters of indusind bank, the hindujas, intend to offload around 30 per cent to three foreign banks located in west asia, ...

the advances of state bank of india (sbi) to the agriculture sector in gujarat have increased four-fold in the 2003-04 fiscal to ...

indian banks it investments will turn skewed if tech investments in branches fail to match that of the other customer banking ...

punjab national bank has reported a 28.2 per cent increase in net profit at rs 322.67 crore in the first quarter of 2004-05 ...

oriental bank of commerce has registered a 27 per cent increase in net profit at rs 181 crore for the quarter-ended june 2004 ...

bank of baroda (bob) chairman and managing director p s shenoy on wednesday said the bank would construct a new corporate office ...

if statistics are anything to go by, the dice seem to be loaded against entrepreneur-led private sector banks. consider this of ...

merchant bankers might well end-up becoming quasi-regulators with limited powers to regulate other intermediaries if the thinking ...

lic housing finance has posted a 23 per cent growth in net profit at rs 41.87 crore for the first quarter ended june 2004 as ...

centurion bank s rights issue worth rs 90.8 crore is likely to hit the market on august 16 and the allotment is expected be ...

indusind bank s net profit for the quarter ended june 30, 2004, rose by 84.57 per cent to rs 45.48 crore against rs 24.64 crore ...

bank of rajasthan s (bor) net profit for the quarter ended june 2004 fell by 21.25 per cent to rs 20.15 crore against rs 25.59 ...

the shareholders of global trust bank (gtb), who saw the value of their holdings vanish as the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

the moratorium on global trust bank (gtb) has put state-run oil marketing companies in a spot of bother as a number of their ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc), in consultation with the reserve bank of india (rbi), is considering two proposals to tackle the ...

even though the rupee has begun to slide in the international markets, especially against the dollar, the budget estimates of the ...

the finance ministry has clarified that the financial sector secretary, ns sisodia, had made no statement to suggest the ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) plans to open temporary accounts for the customers who have salary accounts with global trust ...

the jamnagar nagarik sahakari bank, established in 1955, has finally been liquidated. the state registrar of co-operatives passed ...

the global trust bank (gtb) episode raises a large number of issues relating to banking practices, and banks ability to manage ...

bank of baroda (bob) has recorded a 19.85 per cent increase in its net profit at rs 293 crore for the first quarter ended june ...

state bank of india (sbi) reported an 18 per cent increase in its net profit for the first quarter of the current fiscal at rs ...

at a time when private sector insurers are eagerly waiting for the formal clearance of the union budget s foreign direct ...

corporate clients, maintaining cash credit limits with global trust bank (gtb), are understood to have sought the reserve bank of ...

the global trust bank management had given marching orders to pricewaterhousecoopers (pwc) as auditor of the bank after the ...

the promoters of global trust bank (gtb) were given time till july 31 to furnish the balance sheet, which was showing losses of ...

the gtb management proposes to initiate talks with the oriental bank of commerce (obc) to sort the issue of salary accounts ...

the institute of chartered accountants of india (icai) will shortly issue the letter of inquiry to pricewaterhousecoopers (pwc), ...

housing finance firms and banks are going out of their way to accommodate depositors of the now-defunct global trust bank in ...

federal bank has registered a 20 per cent increase in net profit for the first quarter of this fiscal at rs 45.03 crore compared ...

the decision by the reserve bank of india (rbi) to amalgamate global trust bank (gtb) with oriental bank of commerce (obc) failed ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) choice of oriental bank of commerce (obc) to takeover global trust bank s (gtb) assets and ...

the extraordinary events surrounding the global trust bank raise several questions about the quality of private bank managements, ...

ramesh gelli, one of the promoters of global trust bank, has blamed the 2001 stock market fall and violations of internal ...

oriental bank of commerce (obc) chairman bd narang on monday said he would be able to recover 40-45 per cent of the rs 1,500 ...

vijaya bank reported a 20.58 per cent growth in net profit at rs 97.55 crore for the quarter ended june 2004. total income edged ...

kotak mahindra bank s net profit for the quarter ended june 2004-05 rose 14 per cent to rs 22.06 crore against rs 19.34 crore in ...

we have been advised by reserve bank of india that in exercise of powers conferred by sub-section (2) of section 45 of the ...

the global trust bank management expressed hope that it will be able to find a solution to the bank s problems within the ...

new private sector banks are those that were set up after the industry was opened up in the early 1990s. in all, 10 new banks ...

the central government yesterday extended sovereign guarantee to all deposits lying with the beleaguered global trust bank (gtb) ...

much as global trust bank s (gtb) name was latched on with a host of foreign banks as possible suitors, the foreign banking ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) is expected to impose delivery on trades in global trust bank stocks. it might ...

in a moratorium, the reserve bank of india (rbi) imposes a freeze on a bank s liabilities. there is a restriction on all banking ...

the reserve bank of india is considering a proposal to allow private sector mutual funds to do bill rediscounting to help tide ...

it s the usual story of window dressing. the credit growth of banks for the fortnight ended june 25 was rs 10,174 crore. but the ...

there could be only one way for the rate of inflation that climbed to 6.52 per cent for the week ended july 9 unless the reserve ...

the news of the moratorium on global trust bank (gtb) which had spread like wild fire since saturday afternoon continued to make ...

several companies in the state which have accounts with global trust bank are worried following the sudden developments at the ...

the sudden developments at the global trust bank (gtb) have come as shock to the people of gujarat, who have already suffered ...

the shareholders of global trust bank are unlikely to get anything from what is left of the private sector bank. with ...

the operating profits of j k bank for the first quarter ending june 30, 2004 stood at rs 115.12 crore and the net profit ...

the massive foreign investment expected in tata consultancy services (tcs) public offer over the next few weeks is unlikely to ...

the central government announced the issue of bonds to the erstwhile unit trust of india (uti) in order to meet the latter s ...

global rating agency standard and poor s (s p) has assigned a foreign currency bb stable b rating to icici bank s ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has called a meeting of all bank chiefs on july 30 to discuss the basle ii norms that would be ...

reserve bank of india governor y v reddy said the central bank wants to formulate the guidelines of foreign banks operations in ...

idbi bank has lost one more senior executive amid uncertainty over parent industrial development bank of india s plan to convert ...

state bank of india (sbi) is contemplating to hike its stake in the multicommodity exchange (mcx) by 8 per cent, taking the ...

uncertainty prevails over the fate of deposits made by about 60 co-operative banks in the beleaguered madhavpura mercantile ...

state bank of india (sbi) has decided to strengthen its agriculture sector financing by recruiting over 500 graduates this year ...

treasury profits of commercial banks have taken a hit in the first quarter of the financial year ended on june 30, 2004, owing to ...

a decline in treasury profits has pulled down uco bank s operating profit to rs 250 crore in the first quarter of the current ...

icici lombard general insurance company has renewed the hydrology risk cover for the malana power company for a coverage of rs 10 ...

the insurance regulatory development authority (irda) has asked non-life insurance companies to review their composite policies ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) widened the definition of priority sector lending by including bank investments in ...

corporation bank has announced a 17 per cent decline in net profit at rs 105.51 crore for the quarter ended june 30, 2004. ...

state bank of india (sbi) topped the list of corporate tax payers by paying rs 234 crore to the government for the first quarter ...

icra on wednesday signed a deal with bulgarian credit rating agency (bcra). in keeping with the memorandum of understanding ...

the housing development finance corporation ltd (hdfc), which is buying tata consultancy services (tcs) 50 per cent stake in ...

the markets flared up at the fag-end of the trading day after finance minister p chidambaram announced changes in the proposed ...

the combined net profit of public sector banks (psbs) increased 34.6 per cent during 2003-04 to rs 16,546 crore compared with a ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic), along with the union bank of india, has come out with a way to circumvent the ...

idbi bank s net profit in the quarter ended june 2004-05 increased by 64 per cent to rs 36.7 crore against rs 22.3 crore in the ...

rating agency crisil announced a 7 per cent rise in net profit to rs 3.90 crore for the first quarter ended june 30, 2004, ...

having shot past at least two of its peers in the public sector, kolkata-based national insurance company ltd (nic) plans on ...

after agriculture, small and medium enterprises (smes) are high on banks investment list. attractive returns of around 8 per ...

state-run banks accounted for 49.6 per cent of total deposits placed with all banks in the country during the year ended march ...

the proposal to integrate the capital markets of singapore and india capital markets as part of a comprehensive economic ...

canara bank s net profit for the first quarter ended june 30, 2004 grew 31.50 per cent to rs 336.44 crore, up from rs 255.85 ...

standard chartered bank, the largest foreign bank in the country, has chalked out a plan to accelerate its business in gujarat. ...

central bank of india proposes to restructure its capital base with a tier-ii issue of around rs 200 crore and public float of ...

home finance major housing development finance corporation ltd (hdfc) today announced a 22 per cent jump in its first-quarter net ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) may consider the issue of inducting nominee directors in mp birla companies after ...

the central board of direct taxes (cbdt) is understood to have taken a decision to review all cases with recoverable arrears ...

syndicate bank has posted a 22.97 per cent growth in net profit at rs 125.24 crore for the quarter ended june 2004, over the ...

the agriculture insurance company of india (aic) proposes to bring at least 25 per cent farmers under crop insurance coverage by ...

finance minister p chidambaram s proposed transaction tax has run into unexpected resistance from within the government itself, ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic), the largest domestic player in the capital market, proposes to change its investment ...

housing development corporation of india (hdfc) will pick up 10 per cent stake in egyptian housing finance corporation (ehfc) for ...

the bhavnagar-based state bank of saurashtra (sbs) has recovered dues worth rs 21.44 lakh through the debt recovery tribunal ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) which had initiated a due-diligence exercise at industrial investment bank of india ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is keeping a close tab on the increasing pressure on the rupee to depreciate against the dollar ...

the surat district and sessions court on friday granted anticipatory bail to former bjp rajya sabha member kanaksinh mangrola in ...

have a torn currency note no problem. just go to a select reserve bank of india (rbi) regional office and drop the note along ...

tired of standing in that serpentine queue to book a movie ticket just drop in at the nearest idbi bank automatic teller machine ...

the life insurance corporation (lic) has proposed a debt swap scheme to the states in order to participate in various ...

birla sun life insurance has targeted a 80 per cent growth in first premium income for the current year at rs 855 crore. sum ...

bank of india (boi), in a bid to firm up its capital base in the wake of the basle ii norms, has decided to raise rs 100 crore by ...

the calcutta high court today directed the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) not to initiate any proceeding against ...

private players have contributed over 56 per cent of premium income in the non-life insurance industry in the first two months of ...

the reserve bank of india will re-look at export credit targets set for banks based on export credit turnover instead of ...

with the recent merger of ashok leyland finance ltd (alfl) with indusind bank, 132 of the total 168 branches of alfl will be ...

indusind bank, one of the country s new private sector banks, has initiated tie-up talks with more than one foreign banks with ...

the united forum of bank unions (ufbu) have declared a nation wide strike on august 24 in protest against indian bankers ...

global bank hsbc has said the reserve bank of india s proposal restricting foreign banks investment in local banks may prompt it ...

the state bank of india (sbi) today announced the sale of its 37 per cent stake in its mutual fund arm, sbi fund management, to ...

the life insurance industry will lobby against the union budget s proposal to impose service tax on insurance premium, which is ...

the much awaited self-regulatory organisation for non-banking finance companies, christened finance industry development council ...

uti bank today announced a 35.44 per cent jump in net profit at rs 70.67 crore for the first quarter (april-june) of financial ...

hdfc bank announced a 30.5 per cent jump in net profit for the first quarter (april-june) of financial year 2004-05 at rs 139.97 ...

intelenet global services, the equal joint venture between housing development finance corporation (hdfc) and tata consultancy ...

uti bank has announced its unaudited results for the first quarter of fy 2004-05 following the approval of its board of directors ...

the central board of trustees of the employees provident fund organisation (epfo) has deferred a decision on the rate at which ...

the life insurance corporation (lic) has made a representation to the reserve bank of india (rbi) for exempting it from ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has given a detailed discussion paper to the finance ministry stating that the per transaction ...

commercial paper (cp) issuances are on the rise. total outstanding amount of new issues has gone up by 53.5 per cent to rs 10,910 ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned rs 2,538.19 crore under the rural infrastructure ...

state bank of india (sbi) expects to generate loan proposals worth rs 150 crore, up from rs 130 crore received last year, at the ...

in a bid to be competitive with the financial institutions and banks, west bengal industrial development corporation (wbidc) has ...

uco bank chairman and managing director v p shetty said that the new draft norms on ownership and governance of private banks ...

the central board of trustees (cbt) of the employees provident fund organisation (epfo) is likely to defer a decision on setting ...

the us-headquartered metropolitan life insurance will be the single largest shareholder in the domestic joint venture metlife ...

twenty-one foreign banks collectively earned a net profit of rs 2,019 crore from their indian operations in financial year ...

icra, the credit rating agency, and b2k, a bpo start-up, launched brickwork , an investment research analysis service across ...

surely not knowing what lay in store from them, foreign institutional investors (fiis) mopped up 6.78 crore shares of public ...

indian promoters of insurance joint ventures are apprehensive that with foreign direct investment (fdi) limits proposed to be ...

the government is set to allow two private banks, icici bank and hdfc bank, to increase their exposure to the capital market. the ...

the all gujarat co-operative banks depositors and account holders association has demanded the dismissal of suresh dalwadi, the ...

vijaya bank on saturday launched the bank s second city specific credit card the hyderabad card . the bank had earlier ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has directed banks that suppliers and buyers credit, including letter of credit (lcs), extended ...

the bond markets virtually came to grinding halt on friday last week in sharp reaction to the imposition of the transaction tax ...

union bank of india has tied up with sbi life to provide a group life insurance scheme for housing loan borrowers in andhra ...

industrial development bank of india s (idbi) stressed assets portfolio will drastically come down with the government decision ...

next time you go to a bank counter to buy a demand draft or open a locker to keep your valuables, you will have to cough up a ...

standard poor s ratings services on friday said finance minister p chidambaram s budget indicates the country s desire for ...

finance minister p chidambaram s proposal in the union budget to make interest income from non-resident external (nre) deposits ...

senior citizens have cause to cheer with the government deciding not to lower their returns in keeping with market-related ...

an inter-institutional group (iig) of banks and financial institutions will pool their resources worth rs 40,000 crore and target ...

the union budget has sought to rejuvenate regional rural banks (rrbs) and co-operative banks to ensure improved credit flow to ...

provident funds (pfs) heaved a sigh of relief as the finance minister today decided to continue with the special deposit scheme ...

the government s decision to amend the securitisation and reconstruction of financial assets and enforcement of security interest ...

at least some of the private sector banks are ready to take advantage of the government s decision to enhance banks capital ...

total return on the government of india (goi) bond index works out to 11.9 per cent inclusive of the coupons and capital gains in ...

the downward rigidity in lending rates poses a major concern for the indian economy as majority of borrowers are denied the ...

interest rates, which are ruling at three-decade lows, may rise on the back of a stubbornly high fiscal deficit and rising demand ...

the economic survey has predicted that the present surge in capital flows will continue in the medium term with the improvement ...

the union ministry of labour is learnt to be concerned about the proposed 10-year marketable government securities because these ...

indusind bank limited plans to convert the 132 branches of ashok leyland finance limited (alfl) across the country, which merged ...

development credit bank (dcb) has bought home and personal loan portfolio aggregating rs 220 crore from icici bank. with this ...

a day ahead of the union budget, export-import bank of india, raised $ 250 million five year bond at 185 basis points over five ...

banks will find it difficult to raise capital following the recent reserve bank of india (rbi) diktat to club their ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has asked co-operative banks and regional rural banks to double ...

hundreds of depositors of diamond jubilee co-operative bank, which is lying closed since august 2002, staged a dharna outside the ...

the role of the reserve bank of india (rbi) has changed from regulation and control to delegation and liberalisation. banks have ...

the moratorium on private farm loans declared by the state government, instead of helping farmers, has undermined their credit ...

all the banks in andhra pradesh, including co-operative banks and regional rural banks (rrbs), are committed to ensure that all ...

private banks, both old and new, are planning to move the reserve bank of india (rbi) as well as the finance ministry in a bid to ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) wants to retain its holding in uti bank and corporation bank despite the new ...

strong consumer sentiment coupled with higher credit card penetration in non-metro cities has pushed up credit card spends in ...

the four public sector general insurance companies will seek the union finance ministry s permission to pitch for the personal ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) yesterday announced that it would place a second draft of the policy in public domain for ...

deployment of foreign exchange reserves of the reserve bank of india in securities has gone by 30 per cent while deposits with ...

icici bank will cut its holdings in federal bank and south indian bank (sib) following the reserve bank of india s (rbi) proposal ...

the government is learnt to be considering market borrowings of around rs 1,60,000 crore through central government dated ...

karur vysya bank (kvb), a private scheduled commercial bank, is expecting a 25 per cent increase in its business volumes to rs ...

advances made by banks for setting up agro-processing cold storage projects, supply of inputs to agriculture, and construction ...

banks in gujarat have achieved the benchmarks set by reserve bank of india under the agriculture sector lending and priority ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) will face a problem on meeting solvency margin in the next 4-5 years unless the ...

strong consumer sentiment coupled with higher credit card penetration in non-metro cities has pushed up spending via credit cards ...

officials of over 100 co-operative banks across the state, including chairmen and managing directors, received lessons in ...

based on a review of practices followed by the state co-operative bank (scb) and the district central co-operative banks (dccbs) ...

the housing development finance corporation (hdfc), as part of its international housing finance initiative, is all set to take a ...

the turnaround in the steel sector and improved working performance of private sector companies assisted by the industrial ...

banks want the threshold limit for referring cases to the corporate debt restructuring (cdr) cell to be pared to rs 15 crore from ...

depositors of diamond jubilee co-operative bank damaged a car belonging to the bank on friday and shouted slogans against loan ...

the proposed reserve bank of india (rbi) norms may trigger consolidation among private sector banks going by its comprehensive ...

bank of baroda (bob) today reduced interest rates on foreign currency non-repatriable - b (fcnr-b) deposits w.e.f june 30, 2004. ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on thursday set the cut-off yield in government paper auction at levels much higher than expected ...

prime minister manmohan singh has agreed to provide immediate cash assistance for the food-for-work programme to provide ...

it would be a tough call that finance minister p chidambaram has to make on reducing the government s stake in state-owned banks ...

the chiefs of four state-owned banks are believed to be in the reckoning for the top position at union bank of india even as ...

gic housing finance plans to raise rs 24 crore in this financial year via a rights issue (rs 9 crore) and a bond issue (rs 15 ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) has seen a shift in product sales towards unit-linked plans in the first quarter of ...

the us fed rate hike might not have altered the short-term view on local interest rates but it has forced bankers to revisit the ...

public sector banks, though late entrants, have now become aggressive in selling insurance products. talks are underway with ...

vittaldas leeladhar, 57, chairman and managing director (cmd) of union bank of india, is set to be appointed as a deputy governor ...

confusion persists over payment of dues to the 179 retrenched employees of diamond jubilee co-operative bank even after a ...

focussing on developing alternative channels of distribution, bangalore-based ing vysya life insurance, has entered into a ...

union bank of india, in association with the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard), will set up ...

the hottest financial product in the market today is the unit-linked insurance plan (ulip), which promises all the upside of ...

depositors of visnagar nagarik sahakari bank and charottar nagarik sahakari bank are still awaiting release of their insured ...

the central board of trustees of the employees provident fund organisation (epfo) yesterday deferred to july 13 a decision on the ...

banks nowadays have a new job at hand educating the farming community. and this has no social service angle to it. banks in an ...

three associate banks of state bank of india state bank of patiala, state bank of indore and state bank of saurashtra have ...

the current interest rate of 9.5 per cent paid on the employees provident fund accumulations has left a hole of rs 298.21 crore ...

a team of the world bank, led by country president michael carter, will visit surat on july 5. the visit follows the decision of ...

maintaining stability in the financial system is the main challenge for the reserve bank of india (rbi), according to y v reddy, ...

among the plethora of funds announced by former finance minister jaswant singh, the rs 50,000 crore infrastructure and ...

with the government able to borrow funds at less than 6 per cent, the finance ministry is likely to reduce the interest rate on ...

state bank of india (sbi) will be opening its third branch in bangladesh shortly. it already has presence in africa and other ...

the small and medium enterprise constitute an integral portion of economy and the reserve bank of india (rbi) has to see that ...

with new generation private banks increasing their footprint across the country, it s churn time in the job market. senior and ...

fund glut and a slowdown in corporate disbursals led to banks raising their lending to two sensitive sectors capital markets ...

for the life insurance corporation of india (lic), it s time to change the old order for the new. the insurance major is set to ...

andhra bank expects its chennai zone to register a growth of 33 per cent during the current fiscal. the bank expects its total ...

corporation bank is planning to launch four new current account products corp business account, corp business privilege ...

the export import bank of india (exim bank) will be raising $800 million from overseas markets. in addition, it has firmed up ...

the gujarat high court on thursday lifted the stay order on the sale of properties of c r patil, the prime accused in the diamond ...

the budget session of the parliament is expected to see the passage of the government securities act which will replace the ...

the merger of ifci with punjab national bank (pnb) will push up the latter s sticky assets to rs 13,600 crore against rs 4,670.13 ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has given approval to eight banks to float foreign exchange products for resident indians under ...

there has been a steep fall in the number of non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) accepting deposits in gujarat over the past ...

close on the heels of revoking the licence of the surat-based diamond jubilee co-operative bank, bharuch district co-operatives ...

chennai-based bharat overseas bank limited (bobl) has announced a major focus on retail lending during the financial year ...

andhra bank has initiated talks with other commercial banks to create a consortium which could then finance major irrigation ...

the earthquake in gujarat in 2001 and the communal riots in 2002 may have been disasters for many, but they have been a boon for ...

the debt recovery tribunal (drt) has upheld an appeal by mardia chemicals ltd against a recovery suit filed by icici bank on the ...

the reserve bank of india has stuck to its inflation forecast for the current fiscal, despite the rise in international oil ...

ing vysya life insurance has reported a 227 per cent jump to touch rs 100 crore for the financial year 2003-04. the premium ...

the reserve bank india (rbi) on thursday announced that a crop loan granted for a short duration will be treated as ...

market players are busy leveraging the arbitrage opportunity offered in money market instruments to cut losses in the foreign ...

lic mutual fund is open to acquiring assets of other mutual funds. we plan to increase the size of funds under management to rs ...

the reserve bank of india said all branches of the south gujarat local area bank ltd will function as branches of bank of baroda ...

the reserve bank of india directed all scheduled commercial banks to come out with a one-time settlement scheme for small and ...

gross bank credit to housing increased 55.1 per cent in 2003-04 compared with a growth of 38.4 per cent in 2002-03 on account of ...

partnering with banks, a model jp morgan has adopted in most of the asia pacific region, has been a big success for the wholesale ...

the world gold council has urged the government to enable the indian banking sector to participate more actively in retail gold ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has issued a circular to all non-banking financial companies (nbfcs), miscellaneous non-banking ...

the consumer disputes redressal forum, ahmedabad, has ordered united india insurance company to pay rs 2,07,149, with a 10 per ...

the all india bank officers confederation (aiboc) has decided to go in for a nation-wide strike and other forms of agitation if ...

the life insurance corporation of india s (lic) stake in lic housing finance ltd (lichfl) will fall as the housing finance arm s ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) recently asked the finance ministry to clear hsbc s plan to acquire a 15 per cent stake in uti ...

standard chartered bank reported a 29.72 per cent decline in lower profit after tax to rs 596 crore in fiscal 2004 against ...

the government is unlikely to push for a large-scale neutralisation of high cost debt this fiscal, after having completed over a ...

the reserve bank of india has decided to introduce graded higher provisioning according to the age of non-performing assets ...

the indian banks association and the national bank for agriculture and rural development will shortly unveil guidelines ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has directed banks to phase out excess exposures beyond the prescribed limits in case of single ...

bank stocks received a hammering on monday following the government s announcement on friday that it planned to increase banks ...

under pressure to ramp up exposure to farm loans, banks are planning to put in place a mechanism to monitor the end-use of funds ...

president apj abdul kalam yesterday asked the world bank to assist india in its rural development in a big way for uplifting 700 ...

ing vysya bank, which saw a 31 per cent fall in net profit to rs 59 crore in 2003-04 from rs 86 crore in 2002-03, is likely to ...

bank of baroda (bob) on monday launched the baroda premium current account (bpca) scheme, which will offer a free credit card, ...

eleven public sector banks (psbs) advances to the agriculture sector grew at 19.2 per cent in fiscal 2004 compared with a 12.8 ...

the fall in sanctions by banks under the kisan credit card (kcc) scheme has become a cause for concern for the union finance and ...

om kotak launched its single premium, unit-linked plan kotak easy growth plan (kegp) which offers four investment ...

the life insurance corporation (lic) of india will invest rs 9,000 crore in the equity market this financial year. it has already ...

municipal corporations, which find it nearly impossible to approach the capital markets on their individual strength, are forming ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) on monday said it would like to raise its stake in uti bank to a strategic level ...

chennai-based indian bank yesterday announced that it was raising rs 300 crore in tier ii capital through private placement of ...

private sector banks have jumped on to the bandwagon to offer better rates than maruti udyog for the country s largest selling ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is pushing for standardisation of all e-payment initiatives in the country to promote efficiency ...

soon after announcing a major package for the agricultural sector, the finance ministry today directed states to work out targets ...

the state bank of india (sbi) is in talks with a host of entities, including french financial major societe generale (socgen) for ...

lord krishna bank has revised the interest rates on foreign currency non-resident (fcnr) deposits accepted in all permitted ...

in an effort to resurrect the infrastructure in militancy-affected jammu and kashmir, the asian development bank (adb) has ...

the cut in the interest rate on rupee-denominated deposit schemes for non-resident indians (nris) seems to have spurred nris into ...

retail super market chain trinethra super retail limited is in talks with ing vysya to raise around rs 10 crore for funding the ...

atm cards, credit and debit cards in the wallet may be a thing of the past if the government agrees to a proposal by banks to ...

a mid-term evaluation by the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has found that farmers who were given ...

favouring the emergence of a single authority to supervise the financial sector in india, c rangarajan, former rbi governor and ...

commercial banks, under the aegis of the indian banks association (iba), deliberated on the schemes that could be ...

the s v mony committee on motor own damage and detariffing has recommended detariffing based on a system of rates, terms and ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) announced cut-off rates of 5.58 per cent for the 11-year 7.38 per cent 2015 government stock and ...

the spotlight of forthcoming union budget will be on regional rural banks (rrbs) and cooperative banks. finance minister p ...

the union cabinet has given a green signal to the merger of navsari-based south gujarat local area bank (sglab) with bank of ...

barclays india s net profit for the fiscal ended march 2004 increased to rs 71.8 crore against rs 29.17 crore in the ...

the reserve bank of india and the government are understood to be taking a relook at the structure of market stabilisation bonds ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has proposed greater supervision of entities by respective regulators rbi, the securities and ...

dena bank plans to reduce its gross non-performing assets (npas) from rs 1,484 crore in march this year to rs 1,100 crore by ...

investors are getting out of monthly income plans (mips) and gilt-oriented long-term schemes to invest in floating funds in order ...

identifying asia-pacific as a hot-spot for acquiring private banks, management consultants kpmg on wednesday said global ...

the board of infrastructure development finance company (idfc), which will meet in chennai tomorrow, is likely to discuss the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has directed ashok leyland, while approving the merger of ashok leyland finance with indusind ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has sanctioned an amount of rs 59.91 crore as loan assistance to ...

icici lombard general insurance, in association with the government of rajasthan, has launched a comprehensive weather insurance ...

extending its support to multi state co-operative banks in the state, the gujarat urban co-operative banks federation (gucbf) ...

worried depositors and account holders of the city-based metro co-operative bank ltd made a beeline at the bank following rumours ...

the state bank of bikaner jaipur (sbbj), one of the leading banks in rajasthan, has decided to stress on the retail sector ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) has invested over seven times more in equities in the first quarter of fiscal 2005 ...

debt fund investors are in a dilemma as interest rates seem to have bottomed out. the bond market has seen interest rates ...

as several co-operative banks in the state have gone bust over the past few years, the gujarat chamber of commerce and industry ...

retrenched employees of the surat-based diamond jubilee co-operative bank who are yet to be paid their dues, have decided to ...

the insurance regulatory development authority (irda) has directed public sector general insurance major united india insurance ...

dena bank aims to double its retail loans in the current fiscal, from the present level of rs 700 crore to rs 1,430 crore by ...

global trust bank (gtb) is understood to be in talks with the asset reconstruction company of india ltd (arcil) to sell its ...

the national commodities and derivatives exchange india (ncdex) in association with the geneva-based ac, a collateral management ...

gail india and bharat petroleum corporation (bpcl), are cashing in on their status quo after the new government put the two ...

the haryana state co-operative apex (harco) bank has issued loans amounting to over rs 3,141 crore during 2003-04 compared to rs ...

the predominance of government ownership in the banking sector has led to insufficient competition and consequently caused ...

the rupee appreciated in the initial part of the last week on central bank interventions to cushion the rupee from the impact of ...

the state bank of india (sbi) plans to inject rs 100 crore in small-scale industries and rs 150 crore in small business ...

bharat sanchar nigam limited (bsnl) plans to introduce cheque deposit machines, a round-the-clock facility which would accept ...

export credit guarantee corporation of india ltd (ecgc) expects to offer a separate insurance cover for software exporters in the ...

dewan housing finance corporation ltd (dhfl) which has very recently acquired 86 per cent in vysya bank housing finance ltd ...

united india, which re-insures almost 98 per cent of oil and natural gas corporation (ongc) account with overseas reinsurers, is ...

the chennai-based united india insurance s net profit is likely to be affected by its voluntary retirement scheme (vrs) that will ...

apprehensions about the rate hike by the bank of england and the us federal reserve, and bearish sentiment on domestic inflation ...

actis, formerly cdc capital partners, has emerged a winner in $67.2 million deal with hsbc whereby the private equity investor ...

the sitting fee of non-official members of various boards, committees and sub-committees of the reserve bank of india (rbi) has ...

the hyderabad zone of the bank of india (boi) expects advances to grow by 23.43 per cent to rs 908 crore during 2004-05, with ...

canara bank is investing rs 2.40 crore in the national commodity derivatives exchange ltd (ncdex) and rs 42 lakh in the ...

hsbc has sought permission from the central bank for its asset management company (amc) arm to acquire shares of uti bank under ...

india should adopt an aggressive stance at the ongoing world trade organisation (wto) negotiations on services to eliminate ...

the reserve bank of india directed banks intending to amalgamate merge non banking finance companies with themselves to take ...

rating agency crisil said that none of the financial sector entities rated by it were pushed down to the default grade during the ...

with the hardening of interest rates, which has pushed up the benchmark london interbank bid offer rate (libor), investor ...

the focus of foreign institutional investors (fiis), which have been chasing bank stocks over the last one year, has shifted from ...

co-operative banks are unhappy over the recent decision of the reserve bank of india s deposit insurance and credit guarantee ...

state bank of india (sbi) is an organisation in transition and will re-examine its staff strength only after two or three ...

the all india regional rural bank employees association has demanded the delinking of the regional rural banks (rrbs) from their ...

citibank india has recorded a 46 per cent growth in net profit to rs 572 crore for the year ended march 31, 2004, against rs 391 ...

uti bank has decided to recruit around 40 agriculture graduates to boost its agri sector lending. the move is in tune with the ...

disgruntlement is brewing among depositors of the banks that have loaned money to the beleaguered madhavpura mercantile ...

the south-based indian overseas bank (iob) has firmed up plans of raising rs 200 crore of tier-ii capital by september 2004 and ...

the satara-headquartered united western bank plans to grow its business mix (deposits plus advances) by 25 per cent to rs 12,500 ...

the state-level bankers committee (slbc) has fixed the total credit outlay for the farm sector in the state at rs 23,479.20 ...

the rs 9,500-crore advertising industry made up of top 40 ad agencies are pitching for the ad account of the life insurance ...

uti bank, following an encouraging response to its dollar pre-paid travel card, is set to launch a multi-currency (euro and ...

vasavi cooperative urban bank, which suspended operations on march 7, 2003, is hoping to restart operations soon. the bank is ...

the all india bank officer s confederation (aiboc) plans to go on strike, if the next round of wage revision talks in july do not ...

the madras high court has left it to the debt recovery tribunals (drt) to decide under which act the cases pending before them ...

the supreme court has asked banks and financial institutions to shell out rs 50 lakh each towards a fund for the benefit of the ...

leading private players, icici bank, hdfc bank, idbi bank and uti bank, have outdone psu heavy-weights in terms of growth in ...

banks and financial institutions are considering at least eight power projects with a combined generation capacity of over 7,300 ...

four public sector banks had nil non-performing assets (npas) as on march 31,2004. oriental bank of commerce and three associate ...

state bank of india (sbi) has pegged a 16.5 per cent growth in advances and a 15 per cent growth in net profit for the current ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on friday put riders on the dividend amount primary dealers (pds) can declare, if they can at all ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) has outlined a two-pronged strategy to take on competition to regain its market ...

can fin homes plans to offer personal loans to its existing home loan customers with a clean two-year credit track record to ...

the insurance regulatory development authority (irda) wants the industry to rely on examinations conducted by it rather ...

life insurance behemoth life insurance corporation (lic) expects to garner a total income of rs 1,00,000 crore for the year ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on wednesday permitted uco bank to declare an 8 per cent dividend instead of the 10 per cent ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has relaxed its terms and conditions for financing the purchase ...

kerala-based state bank (sbt) of travancore recorded a 43 per cent rise in net profit at rs 245 crore in 2003-04 over the ...

peter smith, general manager for asia pacific in the ing group currently based in hong kong, may take over soon as overall head ...

uco bank, which is hovering around rs 21 on the bourses, hopes to register a rs 550 crore net profit in financial year 2004-05, ...

left-leaning trade union representatives from the banking sector are a rejuvenated lot these days. the reason with the ...

amp, the australia-based insurer and fund manager, is willing to exit its indian venture, amp sanmar life insurance company, if ...

forward dollars across maturities closed in premium territory after ruling at a discount for a long time as importers rushed to ...

the country s foreign exchange reserves, after a long span of time, has dipped by $56 million to $1,18,572 billion for the week ...

the gujarat high court on tuesday stayed the proceedings in the tripartite agreement signed between diamond jubilee co-operative ...

providing assistance to the agricultural sector seems to be the name of the game not only for political parties but also for the ...

the industrial development bank of india (idbi) has put its information technology business idbi intech on the block. a wholly ...

private general insurance companies have now started biting into big ticket insurance business that has so far been the preserve ...

standard chartered bank has tripled its provision for bad debts for its indian operations to $59 million in calendar year 2003 as ...

the visakahapatnam zone of bank of india (boi), has issued legal notices to 148 defaulters under the securitisation act. the ...

bank of baroda (bob) will complete the acquisition of national housing bank s 33 per cent stake in bob housing finance and merge ...

the retrenched employees of diamond jubilee co-operative bank are yet to receive their dues even a month after they were ...

getting one s money from insurance companies can be a major headache for most of us as settlement of claims take days and weeks, ...

icici bank completed the largest auto securitisation deal worth rs 1,060 crore, surpassing its own record rs 823 crore deal ...

the centre is considering a reserve bank of india proposal which entails stringent norms for banks to source information from ...

state bank of india had decided to pick up 10 per cent equity stake in multi commodity exchange of india (mcx) and was at present ...

riding on its success in recovering bad loans, city-based prudential co-operative urban bank limited hopes to restart its ...

mutual funds (mfs) and foreign banks are understood to have sold heavily in the bond market to cut down their losses following a ...

fund houses seem to be using fixed maturity plans (fmps) to augment their month-end assets under management through a quid pro ...

the state bank of india (sbi) has zeroed in on two foreign banks both of which it intends to acquire in the next few months one ...

metlife india has been granted approval by the central provident fund commissioner to offer group life cover to employees in lieu ...

the karnataka bank limited has announced that it would be hiking its authorised capital to rs 150 crore from the current rs 50 ...

maharashtra s scheduled commercial banks posted a 20 per cent rise in aggregate deposits in 2003-2004 (up to december 2003) to rs ...

state bank of india would speed up project financing and sanction of loan proposals through its newly set-up central processing ...

mangalore-based karnataka bank ltd has recorded a net profit of rs 27.55 crore for the fourth quarter ended march 31, 2004, an ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) and banks need to initiate a pro-active mechanism for effective currency management, says the ...

a report by the reserve bank of india s (rbi) working group on development finance institutions (dfis) has said institutions that ...

the financial markets started on a weak note last week with a fall in bond prices and the spot rupee losing by 10-15 paise per ...

the state bank of india (sbi) has advised the government to go slow on the merger of its seven associate banks but has ...

gujarat chief minister narendra modi on friday assured the depositors of visnagar nagrik shahkari bank and charottar co-operative ...

the industrial development bank of india (idbi) board met in kolkata today and decided to re-negotiate interest rates on past ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will advise banks to formulate a transparent and comprehensive policy stating the rights of ...

the finance ministry is planning a dozen legislation covering banks, financial institutions, non-performing assets and insurance ...

state bank of india (sbi) chennai circle s advances for agriculture and allied activities has dropped by 39 per cent to rs 69 ...

the cloud of uncertainty over the merger of industrial development bank of india (idbi) with idbi bank is taking a toll on the ...

private general insurance companies have started garnering profits earlier than the projection made at the time of their entry. ...

cdc capital partners, the private equity investor, will gain $56 million from the sale of its stake in uti bank to hsbc. this is ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi), as part of its foreign exchange policy, is considering a proposal to attach a sunset clause on ...

the idbi-led consortium for the troubled dabhol power project, slated to meet foreign lenders once again in mumbai in the first ...

chryscapital, the private equity investor, will pick up a 12 per cent stake in development credit bank (dcb) for rs 38 crore, at ...

central bank of india has sought the finance ministry s approval to come out with an initial public offer (ipo). the bank plans ...

several customers of the development credit bank have started an agitation outside the area office of the bank in ahmedabad, ...

the reserve bank of india has called for a comprehensive review of various schemes for enhancing rural credit and agricultural ...

bank of baroda is seeking to expand its footprint abroad in a big way. the bank has received the reserve bank of india s approval ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) panel on small savings schemes headed by deputy governor rakesh mohan is understood to have ...

max new york life s (mnyl), one of india s leading private life insurance companies, has recorded a 122 per cent growth in its ...

punjab national bank (pnb) has introduced loans and advances data desk for evaluations and reports, (ladder), a computerised ...

the new government at the centre may drop the proposal for creating a separate pension regulator. the north block is toying with ...

the state government is planning to request the reserve bank of india (rbi), through the finance ministry, for permission to ...

the earnings of banks will be dented if a proposal to drastically pare the interest on eligible cash balances under the cash ...

commercial banks were busy building investment fluctuation reserves (ifr) in fiscal year 2003-04 to withstand any shock arising ...

kotak mahindra bank has announced a 1 1 bonus share issue, subject to shareholders approval. the bank s board, which met here ...

urban co-operative banks (ucbs) should start providing more value-added services to customers and interconnect their branches, ...

seeking a comprehensive review of setting of targets for lending to priority sector, including agriculture, a reserve bank of ...

the internal report of the reserve bank of india (rbi) on external liabilities of commercial banks has come out with the finding ...

the reserve bank of india-appointed working group on flow of credit to the ssi sector has recommended a uniform target for ...

an advisory committee of the reserve bank of india (rbi) has suggested the setting up of an agri-risk fund to mitigate the risk ...

the reserve bank of india, in consultation with the government, proposes to reintroduce capital indexed bonds (cib), popularly ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has been mulling establishing an earthquake pool in india. the proposal ...

a reserve bank of india (rbi) group has suggested deregulation of ceiling on interest rate charged on pre-shipment credit in ...

the internal group of the reserve bank of india on external liabilities of scheduled commercial banks has recommended that ...

indian consumers are highly optimistic about the quality of life and the stock market. however, they are pessimistic about the ...

directors of urban co-operative banks (ucbs) may get to open the bubbly soon. the reason maratha strongman sharad pawar is ...

commercial banks are poised to reduce charges levied on electronic transfer of funds (eft) following the reserve bank of india s ...

the jammu and kashmir government is planning to approach the asian development bank for funding of micro power projects in an ...

political uncertainty took a toll on the financial markets last week. the foreign exchange and bond markets remained rangebound ...

the surat-based city co-operative bank has lodged a complaint of fraud against 11 persons, including builder mukesh desai, an ...

a cross-section of bankers and insurance professionals interviewed by business standard said ...

the proposal of sardar sarovar nigam ltd (ssnl) for a premature redemption of its deep discount bonds has virtually stalled ...

the general insurance industry is set to save about rs 300 crore in 2004-05 due to the reduction of agency commission to 10 per ...

in yet another twist to the restructuring of the infrastructure development finance company (idfc), the finance ministry will ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is set to go slow on the recommendations of the mukherji committee ...

senior bankers and finance professionals have heaved a collective sigh of relief with manmohan singh taking over as the prime ...

union bank of india is planning to open about 50 retail boutiques (kiosks) in the current financial year in metros and urban ...

kolkata based national insurance company (nic) has snatched the top slot for premium income dethroning united india insurance ...

a reshuffle at the top at hongkong and shanghai banking corporation limited (hsbc) has resulted in naina lal kidwai, vice ...

in a move that could further dampen the spirits of the beleaguered madhavpura mercantile co-operative bank depositors, a ...

though the reserve bank of india (rbi) has maintained a status quo in its policy stance by retaining interest rates at current ...

after becoming a fully-owned subsidiary of bhw holding ag of germany, bhw-birla home finance has upped the ante by offering a ...

the reserve bank of india yesterday cut the margins that banks have to maintain for providing finance against shares to 40 per ...

interest rates on provident fund and small savings deposit are likely to rise and divestment of public sector banks will be ...

in order to increase the use of the same government security put in the settlement guarantee fund ( sgf) of the clearing ...

moving towards tightening prudential norms, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has directed banks to increase their provisioning ...

the gujarat chamber of commerce and industry president shreyas pandya said the direction by the reserve bank of india to ...

the reserve bank of india has done way with the extant limit on unsecured exposures of banks. henceforth, bank boards have the ...

while the annual policy statement announcement of the reserve bank of india did not have much impact on the bonds and the foreign ...

american express bank has tied up with travelmate forex services india pvt ltd to offer american express travellers cheques to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today stepped up intervention in the foreign exchange market to lift the rupee to 45.50 per ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to bring the non-deposit taking non-banking financial arms (nbfcs) of foreign banks ...

banks today pressed the sell button and made frantic calls to their clients to top up margins as the stock market plunged 800 ...

standard poor s ratings services yesterday assigned a bb corporate credit rating to bharti tele-ventures ltd. the outlook ...

to fulfill the promise of completing irrigation projects on a war-footing, the new state government headed by y s rajasekhara ...

the charminar co-operative urban bank limited, which went sick a couple of years back, on monday started settling amounts of up ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) notification on dividend payout has forced banks to increase their provisioning for bad debts, ...

three major private sector banks and two foreign banks are learnt to have been badly hit by the plunge in the stock markets due ...

financial institutions (fis) led by the life insurance corporation of india (lic) supported the market today after it commenced ...

the charminar co-operative urban bank limited, which went sick a couple of years back, is all set to settle amounts of up to rs 1 ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) is planning to tap the banks in order to spread the equity cult among the ...

investors who had expected to be able to invest in global mutual funds which are known to generate returns of 30-50 per cent ...

the slack season monetary policy announcement, due on tuesday, will be one with a difference. the policy will, perhaps for the ...

for the first time, the export-import (exim) banks of india and china are discussing exchange of reciprocal lines of credit which ...

dr yaga venugopal reddy took over as the governor of the reserve bank of india (rbi) from dr bimal jalan on ...

marine insurance is a highly specialised business which gets little public attention. private players have not been able to ...

norms for non-performing asset (npa) in rural credit might be reviewed to impart more relaxation to borrowers for boosting rural ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) governor y venugopal reddy is expected to focus on the structural issues and qualitative aspects ...

the insurance sector does not perceive any major reversals to the reforms process. however, with the new government leaning ...

the pace of reforms are likely to slow down as the new government struggles to address social imbalances. this was stated by the ...

the reserve bank of india may allow banks to float subordinated debt with the floating interest rate option in its annual ...

the reserve bank of india is understood to be considering a proposal to allow export of gold from india. according to banking ...

credit rating agency icra today assigned a conditional highest safety rating to securitised assets worth rs 60.81 crore of ...

the reserve bank of india-appointed committee on procedures and performances audit on public services has frowned upon the ...

the implementation of the basel ii recommendation about capital charge on banks investment portfolio may be made in the monetary ...

golconda grameena bank, the regional rural bank sponsored by state bank of hyderabad in ranga reddy district, is focussing on ...

micro financing has become an attractive proposition for private banks as it helps them inch closer to the stipulated priority ...

idbi bank is planning to add 100 atms during this financial year. at present, we have 297 atms across the country, and we are ...

coastal local area bank limited plans to hike its capital base from rs 5 crore to rs 15 crore through an initial public offering ...

indian banks have been urged to continue adopting global best practices in credit risk management by centralising their risk ...

the rs 1,000 crore annual investment support needed by the medicinal, aromatic and herbal (mah) plants sector offers a new ...

0the bhavnagar-based state bank of saurashtra will complete implementing core banking solutions by the middle of the current ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked the labour commissioner, the apex body for provident funds (pfs), to insist that pfs ...

companies are rushing to book forward covers for all transactions in the foreign exchange market. the trigger for this ...

the bombay stock exchange has asked the sardar sarovar nigam (ssnl) to fix the record date for holders of its deep discount bonds ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) has revised the rate of return on its most popular single premium plan bima ...

the small industries development bank of india (sidbi) is likely to acquire industrial development bank of india s stake in 18 ...

united bank of india (ubi) is likely to register a reduced growth in net profit at 3 per cent around rs 310 crore in 2003-04 ...

deep discount bond holders of sardar sarovar nigam ltd (ssnl) are in the process of obtaining a court stay on a special ...

the government may review its current policy of appointing only those who have minimum two years residual service as chiefs of ...

has the competition with private sector banks and increased thrust on retail loan made the public sector banks go slack on ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) is planning to increase its investment in the equities in the financial year 2004-05, ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) refinanced rs 45.51 crore to various banks of jharkhand for ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) has lost as much as 13 per cent market share to private rivals in terms of premium ...

berger paints insurance venture has hit a roadblock with insurance regulatory development authority (irda) suspending the ...

sbi life insurance company has reported a 210 per cent jump in its total premium income at rs 225 crore in the financial year ...

the centre stands to lose a chunk of its non-tax revenues through dividends from public sector banks following recent guidelines ...

the government of india plans to issue marketable government securities of 10-year tenure to roll over 10 per cent of the ...

yet another blow is awaiting the depositors of the crisis-ridden madhavpura mercantile cooperative bank (mmcb) as the bank has ...

the reserve bank of india today said gross fiscal deficit of 4.2 per cent (budget estimate for 2003-04) as a proportion of gross ...

twenty-nine states have swapped rs 60,368 crore worth of high-cost debt for cheaper loans in the past two years, with 61 per cent ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said the emerging trend towards increased reliance on states own sources of revenue ...

government securities are expected to trade in a narrow range this week, ahead of the results of the general elections, due on ...

the spot rupee is expected to hover this week in the range of 44.50-75 against the greenback and the market will remain volatile ...

liquidity will be abundant this week too, but participants don t seem very enthused by the situation. this is because they ...

british banking group hsbc is planning to outsource a part of its it operations to an indian company. this, according to the bank ...

the corporate bonds market remained lacklustre and is expected to continue to stay the same so till corporates spruce up their ...

uncertain domestic political scenario and expectations over a rate hike by the us federal reserve on the back of good economic ...

icici lombard general insurance company will focus on government business to grow its premium income in fiscal 2005. icici ...

the recurring deposit agents of suryapur co-operative bank, which is out of business since september 2002, will intensify their ...

the gic housing finance, one of the top three non-banking housing finance companies in the country, proposes rs 50 crore capital ...

accident relief care (arc), a bangalore-based organisation which provides accident relief services, in association with the ...

city-based mediciti hospitals and national insurance company have come together to offer a new health plan which covers existing ...

the deposit insurance credit guarantee corporation (dicgc) of the reserve bank of india has released a draft for rs 65.26 lakh to ...

the life insurance industry has rebound, demonstrating a growth rate of 51 per cent in new business premium in the third year of ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has signed a memorandum of understanding with five public sector ...

the reserve bank of india s (rbi) proposal to cap foreign banks stake in domestic private banks at 10 per cent has upset hsbc s ...

commercial banks have urged the reserve bank of india (rbi) to halve the risk weight assigned to all mandated lendings to 50 per ...

the auction of two government papers the 12-year floating rate bond (frb) and the 24-year security has been cleared at a ...

birla housing finance ltd (bhfl) has raised rs 96 crore from the international finance corporation (ifc) and securitised its ...

in a significant judgment the supreme court has held that an introducer, without other evidence, could not be held liable for a ...

tata aig life insurance company, the 74 26 joint venture with the tata group and aig, has increased its premium income by 245 per ...

the reserve bank of india is reworking the norms for hedging export receivables of companies which are not backed by actual ...

the sardar sarovar narmada nigam ltd (ssnnl) is planning to insert call option for early redemption of the bonds in order to ...

the finance ministry is considering a fresh assistance of rs 5,000 crore to industrial development bank of india. the ...

the credit information bureau (india) ltd (cibil) will be ready to disseminate credit information on corporate borrowers to ...

bank of baroda (bob) is set to float a joint venture stock broking company and is at present talking to around four large ...

bank of baroda (bob) has decided in principle to acquire a bank. divulging the bank s intention, chairman and managing director ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) continues to be the leader in the market with a dominant share even after the entry ...

the asian development bank (adb) has given an indicative country strategy programme (csp) for india, where it has pegged the ...

i-flex solutions has announced on monday that the barbados-based firstcaribbean international bank, the largest bank in the ...

icici securities (i-sec), the investment banking arm of icici bank, yesterday announced a 39.8 per cent increase in profit after ...

sbi cards, one of the fastest growing credit card companies with over 14,00,000 cards issued so far, on tuesday launched ...

provident funds (pfs) are in a bind as the accretion of funds has more than doubled in 2003-04 as employees are contributing more ...

icici lombard general insurance yesterday reported a rise of 909 per cent in profit before tax at rs 42.2 crore for fiscal 2004 ...

to expand its market, sbilife, a subsidiary of the state bank of india, has launched a scheme to insure tractors in madhya ...

the gujarat high court has issued notices to the reserve bank of india, the state registrar of co-operatives, the surat-based ...

competitive pressure to bag corporate business is seeing new waves in the insurance industry. pooling of global risks of ...

the spot rupee-dollar exchange rate is depreciating as customers are rushing to exploit the arbitrage opportunities in the ...

continuing with its on-going foreign exchange liberalisation, the reserve bank of india on monday removed the riders on the ...

allahabad bank (allbank) is unable to dole out a dividend following the recent reserve bank of india (rbi) guidelines on bank ...

public sector commercial banks will shortly make a joint representation to the reserve bank of india (rbi) through the indian ...

the 45th gujarat formation day turned out to be a memorable day for employees of the diamond jubilee co-operative bank as the ...

consolidation could be on the cards for the beleaguered regional rural banks (rrbs) if the government accepts an indian banks ...

india will witness the entry of a new breed of overseas professional service providing firms who help banks recover and ...

the employees of diamond jubilee co-operative bank and recurring deposit agents of suryapur co-operative bank have decided to ...

around 78,000 depositors of the general co-operative bank ltd (genco) are expected to get their insured sum of rs one lakh from ...

in a setback for the industrial development bank of india s debt restructuring plans, the centre and the reserve bank of india ...

the reserve bank of india on friday issued guidelines on compliance by scheduled commercial banks with accounting standards ...

indusind bank yesterday launched indus aim (anywhere instant money) for inter-bank real time gross settlement (rtgs) ...

around 500 business locations of ashok leyland finance (alf) will continue to operate as the retail asset division of indusind ...

ncr, the leading atm manufacturing company and a subsidiary of ohio-based ncr corporation, is all set to take the atm experience ...

standard poor s ratings services on wednesday assigned its bb long-term foreign currency counterparty credit ratings to ...

pricewaterhousecoopers (pwc) has suggested a host of measures including tax sops, changes in the ownership norms and newer ...

standard chartered bank (scb) is open to acquisitions in india. we are looking at organic and inorganic growth in india, said ...

real time gross settlement (rtgs) transactions for corporate customers triggered off today with a total of 24 transactions ...

the world bank will extend a $200 million loan to the small industries development bank of india (sidbi) by september to enhance ...

pricewaterhousecoopers (pwc) has recommended to the finance ministry that capital adequacy requirements to financial assets ...

crisil, the rating agency, said cost of funds for highly rated non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) is less than that for banks. ...

the asian develoment bank is expecting to raise another tranche of debt from the domestic market, according to country director ...

in a bid to provide assistance to fashion designers, the small industries development bank of india (sidbi) will create a rs 50 ...

centurion bank s net non performing assets (npa) have risen by over 100 basis points to 8.75 per cent as on february 6, 2004, ...

union bank of india has drawn up plans to achieve a business mix (deposits plus advances) of rs 100,000 crore in 2004-05 against ...

insurance companies are feeling the heat to push volumes as they are forced to focus on the topline and build their premium ...

om kotak mahindra life insurance has bagged oil india ltd s (oil) employees deposit linked insurance (edli) and credit term ...

birla sun life insurance (bsli) exceeded its targets as its board yesterday declared a premium income of rs 537.5 crore for the ...

bank stocks were hammered yesterday with the bse bankex index crashing 3.82 per cent or 65.73 points after the reserve bank of ...

indian bank, which reported a whopping 114.88 per cent growth in net profit for the year ending march 31, 2004, expects its ...

state agriculture and co-operatives minister bhupendrasinh chudasma on tuesday assured the recurring agents of suryapur ...

the credit-deposit (cd) ratio of foreign banks is higher when compared with nationalised banks. as on december 2003, the ...

the imf has said that stronger global growth in most regions should prompt world governments to implement critical economic ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) yesterday asked industrialised nations to shed protectionism and end the outcry against business ...

in another step to stem dollar inflows into the country, the reserve bank of india (rbi) on april 24 barred non banking financial ...

the income tax department is likely to appeal against the recent order by the income-tax appellate tribunal (itat) stating that ...

elections are big business for insurance companies. in the biggest electoral exercise in the largest democracy in the world, the ...

only three of the 19 listed public sector banks (psbs) and two of the 18 listed private sector banks will qualify for autonomy in ...

the rs 44 crore suryapur co-operative bank scam has taken a new turn with the forensic science laboratory (fsl) reporting that ...

hsbc electronic data processing (india) pvt ltd, the business process outsourcing arm of hsbc group, expects to start its second ...

the board of jammu kashmir bank has given an in-principle approval for roping in strategic partners to participate in the ...

abn amro bank on friday introduced the all smiles super saver package where by the bank will offer home loans at a fixed rate ...

foreign banks will now pay a flat 35 per cent corporate tax plus 2.5 per cent surcharge following the income-tax appellate ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) sold 2.7 crore policies in fiscal 2004 against 2.45 crore policies in the previous ...

the $1.5 billion thomson financial, provider of information and technology solutions to the worldwide financial community, is ...

aviva plc became the first financial entity in the indian bpo space to marry not one but three bpo outfits the mumbai-based wns ...

nis sparta, asia s largest performance enhancement solutions company offering interventions in the insurance sector, has emerged ...

stories of urban cooperative banks (ucbs) downing shutters overnight and depositors losing their hard earned money are by now ...

commercial banks are up in arms over the deposit insurance credit guarantee corporation s (dicgc) move to double the deposit ...

bank of bahrain and kuwait along with the national insurance company limited has launched a scheme to provide personal accident ...

with the supreme court upholding the constitutional rights of the securitisation and reconstruction of financial assets and ...

the ambitious insurance scheme for over five lakh diamond polishers in surat has failed to take off following disputes over ...

the kolkata-based magma leasing hopes to cross the rs 1,300 crore disbursement mark in the current fiscal against rs 867 crore ...

analytical work done at hsbc s offices in london, paris, new york, hong kong, tokyo and mexico will now be anchored in india, at ...

the us embassy is asking the million dollar round table (mdrt) to give a guarantee that insurance agents qualifying to attend the ...

max new york life is looking at the possibility of roping in banks as strategic partners in the company by issuing fresh equity ...

west lb s 40 per cent stake in global trade finance (gtf) will be picked up by exim bank (5 per cent) and fimbank, a malta based ...

the infrastructure development finance company (idfc) expects to disburse rs 3,000-4,000 crore towards infrastructure funding in ...

c r patil, the prime accused in the rs 56 crore diamond jubilee co-operative bank scam, has charged the bank authorities with ...

asian development bank (adb), a multilateral development finance institution, has offered financial support to gail, a public ...

private and foreign banks are rushing to set up branches in tier-ii and tier-iii centres following a boom in small and medium ...

the marketing ploy buy one and get one free followed by fmcg companies is now being adopted by insurers. nestle india, with a ...

india will be participating in the spring meeting of the international monetary fund (imf) and the world bank (wb), which will ...

union bank of india s total business for the fiscal ending march 31, 2004 rose by 14.37 per cent to rs 81,660 crore against rs ...

the reserve bank of india-constituted committee on procedures and performance audit on public services has frowned upon the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has barred banks from providing short-term loans for imports above $20 million per transaction ...

the foreign exchange reserves of the country leaped by a whopping $3.37 billion in the first week of april as panic stricken ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on saturday slashed the interest rate on nri deposits to kill arbitraging on interest rate ...

muhamaad ali khoja, chairman and managing director of pakistan s leading development financial institution pakistan industrial ...

the government cannot do anything to stop the appreciation of the rupee against the us dollar though it was causing problems for ...

the indian banking sector must play a more active role in extending institutional finance, especially to the agricultural sector, ...

keeping in mind goa s tourist potential which could attract a great deal of revenue, the state bank of india (sbi) has unveiled a ...

recurring deposit agents of suryapur co-operative bank have written to the gujarat chief minister narendra modi seeking a bridge ...

centurion bank plans to piggy-back on bank muscat s offshore banking centre and offer foreign currency products for indian ...

the advisory committee on administered interest rates chaired by the rbi deputy governor rakesh mohan met on friday to deliberate ...

provident funds (pfs) en masse are withdrawing their investments in ifci. this is due to the fear that after the merger of ifci ...

reliance infocomm and state bank of india have tied up for cdma wireless connectivity for 100 atms across the country. the ...

s nagarajan, managing director of ashok leyland finance ltd (alfl), is likely to take over as the retail head and deputy managing ...

interest rate arbitraging in treasure bills is back with a bang with interest rates ruling higher in the short end of the ...

in order to take advantage of the low forward dollar rates, importers rushed to cover their future payments after a long spell on ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is understood to be proposing a slew of measures to improve the end use benefits of its existing ...

icici lombard general insurance company has mopped up over rs 100 crore in new corporate business. a significant percentage of ...

centurion bank is revamping its management team and anil jaggia, a citibank official based in chicago, will assume charge as the ...

the national hydroelectric power corporation (nhpc) yesterday signed an agreement with the life insurance corporation (lic) for ...

the bottoming out of interest rates is forcing the primary dealers (pds), the backbone of the rs 9,50,000 crore government ...

dena bank, as part of its new risk management model for small scale industries (ssis) lending, has proposed to the government to ...

icici prudential life insurance company has topped the premium income chart among private insurance players for the third year in ...

rating agency icra ltd has launched a product for grading the management and governance quality of mutual funds. the timing of ...

the recurring deposit agents of the city-based suryapur co-operative bank today intensified their agitation and began fast to ...

the navanagar co-operative bank here has posted a net profit of rs 5 crore for the year ended march 31, 2004. the gross profit of ...

the reserve bank of india expects 120 scheduled commercial banks and primary dealers to become part of the real time gross ...

the industrial development bank of india (idbi) has shortlisted three consultancy firms pricewaterhousecoopers, tata ...

the andhra pradesh state finance corporation (apsfc) is mulling a proposal that will see it restructure high interest loans ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said that banks could use balances maintained under the cash reserve ratio (crr) instead of ...

the mauritius-based indusind international holding ltd (iihl) will pick up 50 per cent stake in indusind technologies ltd, a ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may issue fresh guidelines on an asset reconstruction company s (arcs) power to change the ...

anshu jain, head of global markets and a member of the group executive committee (gec) of deutsche bank, is fast emerging as the ...

nainital bank ltd will distribute general insurance products of national insurance company ltd (nicl) through its branches in ...

the yield on the ten-year benchmark gilt dropped to 5.08 per cent today owing to the overabundance of liquidity in the banking ...

the general insurance industry recorded a 12.5 per cent growth in business at rs 14,452 crore during april-february 2003-04, ...

credit rating agency care is eyeing business process outsourcing business from the us. the agency, among others, is seeking to ...

global investors controlling huge pools of investment capital, are eyeing the india s non-performing asset (npa) market with ...

bank non-food credit zoomed by rs 37,720 crore in march. traditionally, march the last month of the fiscal year sees high credit ...

domestic rating agency icra will provide technical support and related services to the credit rating agency of bangladesh (crab). ...

bonds and the foreign exchange markets rallied last week even though they had breached psychological barriers in the previous ...

rana kapoor is all set to establish yes bank, a technology-driven, state-of-the-art private bank. ...

at the end of its week-long visit to india, global rating agency standard poor s (s p) said the country is experiencing ...

the rs 60-crore suryapur co-operative bank scam has left thousands in the lurch. the bank had downed its shutters since september ...

nationalised banks in rajkot district have been given a target of rs 942 crore for credit advanced to primary sectors in 2004-05. ...

outlookthe rupee is expected to open between 43.60-43.65 per dollar on monday.

the industrial investment bank of india (iibi) would be transferring its non-performing assets (npa) at rs 600 crore to one of ...

andhra pradesh has received the highest credit assistance from national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) than ...

the kolkata-based united bank of india (ubi) plans to open branches in bangladesh and myanmar. the bank expects to double its ...

indian bankers heaved a sigh of relief as the supreme court upheld the constitutional validity of the securitisation and ...

kephinance investment mauritius ltd has acquired 4.94 per cent of the total paid up capital of centurion bank at rs 4 per ...

the rupee rose to close at a 4-year peak of 43.5350 54 against the dollar yesterday after touching a high of 43.44 during the ...

sbi life insurance has booked a 233 per cent rise in gross premium income at rs 200 crore in the financial year ended march 31, ...

reserve bank of india governor y v reddy said that the 17.6 per cent growth in non-food credit offtake during 2003-04 was fuelled ...

rating agency fitch has introduced a new rating instrument called volatility ratings for money market funds. volatility ratings ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has for the first time decided to allow credit institutions to ...

citigroup and the citigroup foundation announced a 10-year, $200 million commitment to financial education. the commitment will ...

in the absence of any special deposit schemes, port trusts have shifted their investments to life insurance corporation of ...

the 6.18 per cent government stock 2005 issued by the reserve bank of india (rbi) under the first tranche of market stabilisation ...

rana kapoor, managing director and chief executive officer of the newest private sector yes bank, plans to build the bank on the ...

global rating agency standard poor s is on a trip to discover the real india. on this trip to the country, the s p team ...

bankers move to seek interest on entire balances kept under the cash reserve ratio (crr) with the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

canara bank has reported a 19 per cent growth in global business in fy 2003-04 to rs 1,33,900 crore as against rs 1,12,567 crore ...

the industrial development bank of india (idbi) ask for recapitalisation from the government after its conversion to a bank, ...

a section of the foreign and private sector banks have sought changes in the reserve bank of india (rbi) formulated corporate ...

most of the banks are likely to report a healthy growth in profits in the financial year 2003-04 on the back of aggressive retail ...

the forex market went through one of its most volatile phases last week. the spot rupee inched up from 44.40 42 to 43.30 during ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) closed fiscal 2004 with a marginal growth in first premium income, and a 12 per ...

the infrastructure development finance company (idfc) is in the look out for a new managing director after the exit of nasser ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) may increase its stake in corporation bank and is also open to acquiring ...

the asset reconstruction company (india) ltd (arcil) has acquired non-performing assets (npas) aggregating rs 3,067 crore in the ...

the rupee yesterday touched yet another high of 43.30 against the dollar in intra-day trades but retreated to close at 43.81, ...

citibank is set to become the first foreign bank to pick up a stake in asset reconstruction company (india) ltd. karur vysya bank ...

the government has posted a balance of payment (bop) surplus of $7.2 billion for the october-december quarter of 2003-04 as ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) has clarified that external commercial borrowings (ecbs) cannot be utilised for end uses such as ...

the foreign travelers from orissa need not bother about the matching of signature on the traveler s cheque or loss of currency ...

market borrowings in the first half of fiscal 2004-05 will be higher by around rs 3,005 crore when compared with funds raised by ...

citigroup has completed revolving securitisation issuance of working capital loans to small and medium enterprises (smes) ...

air-india on thursday secured an insurance cover for its 33 aircraft fleet for around 20 per cent less than the $11.6 million ...

the ras al khaimah (rak) free trade zone in the united arab emirates has invited entrepreneurs from the state to set up base in ...

the small industries development bank of india has decided to set up a growth fund with an initial corpus of rs 100 crore to ...

the employees union of the bank of tokyo accepted the decision of its management to close down the bank s kolkata branch after ...

riding high on the overall economic growth of the indian economy, icici bank is hoping to expand its reach in retail credit ...

the small industries development bank of india (sidbi) is set to operationalise the rs 10,000 crore fund for providing ...

azim premji, chairman of wipro ltd, has called for banks to outsource all non-core processes and adopt quality tools like six ...

allahabad bank expects to clock a rs 400 crore net profit, and a rs 750 crore operating profit in 2003-04. the bank s business is ...

export credit guarantee corporation of india ltd (ecgc) is supporting exporters by decreasing variable costs. this has become ...

national insurance company will close fiscal 2004 with a premium income of rs 3,500 crore, coming neck and neck with market ...

in the absence of a regular budget, the reserve bank of india (rbi) may postpone the announcement of its slack season monetary ...

at least 10 international currencies have appreciated more than the indian rupee against the us dollar during the last 12-18 ...

offshore banking units (obus) in special economic zones are facing troubled times. viability of these units, which were set up ...

the state-owned bank stocks were back in the limelight on the bourses on the hope that the government might cut its stake in the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has raised the limit of normal ways-and-means advances (wma) for state governments by 13.53 per ...

union bank of india is planning to convert low-yielding short-term loans and excess statutory liquidity ratio securities, ...

next time you visit the neighbourhood state bank of india (sbi) branch, do not be surprised to see the staff there in suits and ...

icici bank proposes to securitise an asset portfolio of rs 10,000 crore in the coming fiscal, which will help release capital ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has kick-started the sanctioning exercise under the rs 50,000-crore ...

the national textile corporation might tap the market this week by making a placement of bonds. last week saw banks and public ...

buoyant inflows and positive export data helped the spot rupee extend its gains against the dollar and end the week at a 46-month ...

while the liquidity scenario remains abundant and the inflation rate favourable, the announcement of the government s borrowing ...

liquidity remains abundant in the banking system but the question is, for how long this has become a pertinent issue as the ...

the spot rupee is due for further gains this week as the dollar is declining in the global markets and the reserve bank of india ...

the much-awaited self-regulatory organisation (sro) for non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) christened the finance industry ...

the first real time gross settlement (rtgs)-based deal was struck yesterday between hdfc bank and saraswat bank for rs 110 crore. ...

rating agencies refuse to endorse the view put forth by m damodaran, chairman of uti mutual fund and cmd of industrial ...

in a paradigm shift for the indian banking industry, the real-time gross settlement system (rtgs) was finally launched on a live ...

banks and financial institutions should change their mindset so that services sector can avail of credit against cash flows ...

the bond market saw a big rally in 15-20-year tenor papers as the reserve bank of india s (rbi) auction calender for the next ...

senior citizens will have to wait a little longer for the dada-dadi bonds. the finance ministry, which had originally planned to ...

the surat sessions court has granted conditional anticipatory bail on a bond of rs 25,000 to kanaksinh mangrola, former rajya ...

small industries development bank of india (sidbi) has set up a rs 10,000 crore fund for the small-scale industries (ssi) sector ...

the reserve bank of india has unveiled an indicative issuance calendar for issue of dated securities for the first half of ...

essar shipping has partly insured its newly acquired double-hull crude carrier in the overseas market owing to the limited ...

in their scramble for customer acquisitions, retail banks in india have fared better than their asian counterparts when it comes ...

after retrenching 65 employees last month, the state government appointed administrator of the beleaguered diamond jubilee ...

m damodaran, chairman of uti mutual fund and chairman and managing director of the industrial development bank of india, . ...

the employees of ifci, opposing the government s move to merge the institution with punjab national bank, have proposed a merger ...

threatened by the spread of branch banking by private sector banks into tier 2 and tier 3 cities, citibank is keen on the ...

dena bank has firmed up plans of approaching the primary market with an issue of over rs 100 crore that will bring down the ...

the latest buzzword in the real estate market is for home finance companies to purchase real estate and then lease it out to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is considering floating index-linked bonds and granting limited exclusivity in primary issuances ...

the rupee touched a 44-month high of 45.07 08 to a dollar today on the back of huge dollar inflows even as the reserve bank of ...

following the central government notification permitting 74 per cent foreign investment in indian banks, the aga khan fund for ...

technology is driving customer service in the insurance industry. after the life insurance corporation of india (lic) and aviva ...

liquidity does not seem to be a crucial factor for the bonds market any longer. despite abundant liquidity in the banking system, ...

bank of india (boi) has decided to appeal against the london high court s judgement asking it to pay $82 million in compensation ...

the spot rupee is expected to hover in the 45.10-45.25 range against the us dollar on the back of robust dollar inflows. for the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has issued a stern warning to public sector banks against any attempt to evergreen their ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has hiked the remuneration payable to statutory central and branch auditors of public sector ...

securities and exchange board of india (sebi) has clarified that the total investment limit by foreign institutional investors ...

sbi capital markets ltd is banking heavily on the power sector and has received mandates for raising close to rs 1,500 crore from ...

the state bank of india (sbi) , as part of its business process re-engineering exercise, wants its clerical and subordinate staff ...

howard davies, director of the london school of economics and political science, has advocated caution on full ...

icra is close to acquiring 3-4 mid-sized companies engaged in the analytical business in the united states and other developed ...

global reinsurance companies, if allowed to operate in the country on a branch licence basis, will be investing sizeable amounts ...

meeting year-end profit targets with a limited capital base has become easy for foreign banks following the opening up of the ...

andhra bank and bajaj auto have signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) yesterday to offer two-wheeler loans to the rural ...

mainstream commercial banks, apart from providing micro credit, should focus on micro finance, which includes credit, savings and ...

in view of the improving relations between india and pakistan, the jammu and kashmir bank is planing to seek the reserve bank of ...

will the chennai-based indian bank ride the ipo wave while the bank s officials are refusing to divulge the plan yet, ...

uti bank expects to raise close to rs 200 crore in tier-ii capital next year. the first new generation private sector bank in the ...

close on the heels of infosys technologies suspending its employee stock option (esop) plan, icici bank said the change in ...

icici bank s retail portfolio has grown by over 400 times over the last three years. in absolute terms, the retail assets were up ...

the government s plan to perk up the infrastructure sector seems to have started with a bang. national hydroelectric power ...

oriental insurance company plans to consolidate its market position in the rural area by targetting a growth of around 400 per ...

the government has set a credit mobilisation target aggregating rs 2507.67 crore for 28 states and five union territories under ...

birla sun life insurance hopes to double its turnover to rs 300 crore in the current fiscal against rs 151 crore in the previous ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) is understood to have told bankers on saturday to make sustained efforts to build up their investment ...

srei international finance and toubro infotech and industries have expressed their interest in taking over state bank of sikkim ...

first, the prime minister took the initiative for peace. then, the baton was passed to the indian cricket team. now it s the turn ...

indian banks association (iba) chief executive h n sinor called upon banks to take a close look at their investment portfolios ...

collateralised borrowing and lending obligations (cblo) as a money market product has swept away all scepticism of its acceptance ...

india inc has got the reserve bank of india clearance to raise external commercial borrowings (ecbs) worth $ 473.21 million in ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to restrict the corporates taking the external commercial borrowing (ecb) route for working ...

policyholders will no longer need to look out for two separate insurance companies to buy life coverage and a health insurance ...

in a bid to capitalise on the current surge in initial public offerings (ipos), bank of india (boi) has ventured into funding ...

optimus, the bpo subsidiary of polaris software lab (psl), is looking at handling credit card-related transactions of public and ...

the bond market often rallies during year-ends. this time round, there are many more reasons for it to do so. the surfeit of ...

after a long spell, secondary market activity in corporate bonds is looking up. a major part of the market comprising primary ...

liquidity will remain abundant and this time it is not the only cause for cheer there will be the element of lower inflation at ...

call rates ruled in the 4.4-4.5 per cent range last week. according to dealers, though market players were able to raise funds in ...

the global weakness in the dollar is expected to continue for sometime as the much needed correction happened last week, when the ...

deutsche bank, which specialises in asset reconstruction worldwide, is planning to pick up stakes in asset reconstruction ...

in an attempt to further reduce the cost of credit for farmers, national bank for agricultural and rural development (nabard) has ...

ramachandra adityan, who spearheaded the nadar mahajana sangha bank share investors forum, and his supporters are now on the ...

india will become the biggest market in asia for the uk-based prudential corporation plc in three to four years despite a slower ...

the government decided to leave interest rates on small savings instruments untouched for the time being even as it said the ...

the rakesh mohan panel on small savings is toying with the idea of recommending to the government making the dada dadi bonds ...

the delay in the launch of market stabilisation bonds (msbs) and a short decline in inflation from 5.91 per cent to 5.32 per cent ...

the international liabilities of indian banks have risen sharply in comparison to their total assets abroad on account of huge ...

icici bank shareholders approved the proposed issue of equity capital by the bank at an extra-ordinary general meeting in baroda ...

in a dramatic turn of events, ramesh gelli resigned from the global trust bank board. gelli, the promoter of the bank, had ...

in what might seem another twist to the never ending saga of the tamilnad mercantile bank ltd (tmb) the first annual general ...

leveraging technology for improving customer service, the state bank of india (sbi) has opened a cheque processing center based ...

oriental insurance company limited (oicl) has tied up with the department of posts for the distribution of its non-life products ...

maharashtra has topped the list of non-performing assets (npa) with the largest number of suits being registered from the state ...

former finance minister manmohan singh said the centre s dependence on inflow of speculative money could result in a stock market ...

hsbc has launched a new home loan product, whereby the credit balance in a customer s current account will be used to reduce the ...

general insurance corporation of india (gic) will be able to make investments in foreign currencies to match its liabilities when ...

banks are saying no to fixed rate home loans beyond five years as many fear an asset-liability mismatch if interest rates ...

the unexpected price fluctuations in the global oil prices and the commodity market have made it difficult for the reserve bank ...

the new 90-day norm pertaining to recognition of sticky assets is unlikely to hit commercial banks hard as they have already ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will carry out a comprehensive review of the progress made by banks in implementing the know your ...

a slight increase in yields has led to capital losses for those who have invested in debt and gilt funds while returns have also ...

in a rs 400-crore deal brokered by the government, industrial development bank of india (idbi) will sell its 30 per cent stake in ...

citibank india, which inaugurated its first full-service branch in surat on tuesday, plans to target the cash-rich textile and ...

bank of maharashtra s (bom) rs 230 crore initial public offer (ipo) was subscribed 10.5 times. the bank collected rs 2,364 crore ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has advised all commercial banks to constitute a special board-level committee to monitor and ...

the overall credit quality of rated corporates in south asia and south-east asia has improved in the last seven months with ...

non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) are recording higher consolidated net profitability margin (npms) than banks. at least this ...

standard chartered bank is setting up a 100 per cent non-banking finance company, standard chartered investments and loans ...

national insurance pipped new india assurance to emerge india s largest general insurer in january with a premium income of rs ...

the madras high court has reversed its division bench s suspension of an interim stay against the transfer of 33 per cent stake ...

a district court in ahmedabad has issued notices against two top officials of the regional office of uco bank for criminal breach ...

the aga khan fund for economic development (ekfeb), which is the single largest shareholder and holds 49 per cent of development ...

icici bank the largest private sector bank expects to sell 50 per cent of its micro-finance securitisation portfolio in the ...

hdfc bank, to grab a chunk of the non-resident indian (nri) business, has firmed up plans to open representative offices in ...

despite a slew of advertisements by private insurance companies, the life insurance corporation of india (lic) continues to ...

although over the counter (otc) derivatives like currency options have picked up well, banks are entering into fixed income ...

a splurge of liquidity in the banking system led to record subscription in the reserve bank of india s (rbi) repo window where ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) said it would soon issue corporate governance guidelines for insurers and ...

s k singh, who joined state bank of saurashtra (sbs) as chief general manager (cgm) in october 2001, was last week ...

the 10 per cent cap on voting rights remains the last stumbling block for foreign banks that are keen to acquire significant ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to enhance the capital requirement for foreign banks keen to set up subsidiary ...

there has been brisk activity in the secondary market towards the end of last week and the spread between the triple a five-year ...

liquidity seems to be no longer an issue for the bond market. the markets last week rallied as players built up positions ...

the interbank call rates market started in the 4.25-4.5 per cent range on last monday amid ample liquidity in the system.

cooperative banks are being fast robbed off their staple diet lendings to small and medium enterprises (smes). foreign banks ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) may appoint relationship managers in banks on a pilot basis to coordinate with the central bank. ...

the board of bank of india (boi) is to meet soon to consider modifications in the consent terms reached by ketan parekh with the ...

the government permitted foreign banks to set up 100 per cent subsidiaries in india with a rider that they can acquire a ...

domestic banks are exploring the possibility of joint ventures to tap business overseas. this is to meet the high assigned ...

state-owned insurance companies are expanding their reach into foreign markets with national reinsurer general insurance ...

the government of india has initiated negotiations with banks without mutual fund arms for picking up a sponsorship stake in uti ...

south gujarat local area bank (lab), one of the four struggling labs in the state, will now be amalgamated with bank of baroda ...

allahabad bank will target business of rs 60,000 crore by 2005. the bank is expecting a short-term growth of rs 1,000 crore in ...

in a major diversification move, country s third largest paints company berger paints is joining hands with vijaya bank, punjab ...

banks are zeroing in on soft targets when it comes to initiating recovery action under the securitisation and reconstruction of ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) on thursday eased norms by allowing public sector undertakings and private ...

three offshore lenders to the beleaguered dabhol power company (dpc) abn amro, standard chartered bank and anz bank are planning ...

state bank of saurashtra (sbs), which reported a net profit of rs 92.55 crore in the last fiscal, hopes to achieve a net profit ...

debt recovery tribunal, mumbai, has directed khatau makanji spinning weaving company ltd to pay the state bank of india rs ...

the turnover in the wholesale debt market (wdm) sgement of the national stock exchage (nse) fell to a 12-month low of rs 61,499 ...

a survey of bankers conducted at i-flex solutions financial leadership summit found that 52 per cent of bankers have said that ...

bank of india s (boi) $150 million information technology outsourcing deal with hewlett-packard may remain one of its kind in the ...

banks are currently running losses on their trading book of government securities. this is a reason for thin trades in gilts, ...

indian banks have the highest compounded annual growth rate (cagr) of profits in the world. they reported a cagr of 39 per cent ...

with the improvement in the fiscal status of the country, interest rates will continue to remain low over the long term, ...

the deposit insurance and credit guarantee corporation (dicgc), a wing of the reserve bank of india (rbi), has not settled any ...

bank of baroda has announced reduction in interest rates for agriculture, ssi and other priority sector loans with effect from ...

depositors of bankrupt co-operative banks in the state has decided to boycott the upcoming lok sabha elections unless they get ...

playing the forex market and punting on global currencies real-time is a possibility now with money market mutual funds offering ...

banks beware. even the relief bonds submitted as collateral for raising loans could be fake. the reserve bank of india (rbi) has ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is set to allow banks to float long-term bonds to take care of their asset-liability mismatches. ...

the new empanelment guidelines for statutory auditors for banks, issued by the reserve bank of india (rbi), may come as a major ...

c.s. rao, chairman of insurance regulatory and development authority (irda), defended the warning issued to oil and natural gas ...

the beleaguered diamond jubilee co-operative bank, which went bust in september 2002, has on saturday handed over pink slips to ...

the outlook for the rupee is strong but cautious. even though the greenback has been losing globally, the rbi is trying to keep ...

liquidity will be abundant in the banking system this week despite an outflow of rs 1,500 crore against an inflow of rs 1,270 ...

march has traditionally been a crucial month for bond market dealers. in the past, while the central bank has pushed up bond ...

demand for funds in the last quarter of the fiscal to meet heavy disbursements has resulted in a slew of housing finance ...

housing development finance company (hdfc) has become the first private corporate to raise rs 1,000 crore debt in a single ...

no goverment pressure, says lic chairman s.b. mathur.

asian development bank (adb) may come out with another rupee bond issue of $100 million before the calendar year, adb officials ...

bank of rajasthan (bor) hopes to acquire portfolio assets of rs 500 crore from banks with strained capital adequacy ratio (car). ...

the merger of ifci with punjab national bank (pnb) has run into rough weather with legal experts saying the proposal cannot go ...

bank of maharashtra will issue one lakh family banking card by the end of the current fiscal. the bank has so far issued 20,000 ...

bank of baroda (bob) has moved the gujarat high court seeking action against the registrar of companies (roc), gujarat, for ...

it is the beginning of the end of soft interest rate regime. falling bank rates are likely to take a reverse route and start ...

national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has taken up a participatory exercise for preparing a project plan ...

the scam-tainted madhavpura mercantile co-operative bank (mmcb) will have to repay more than rs 200 crore to around 13,000 ...

reserve bank of india will go live with the online real time gross settlement (rtgs) system in a month, a senior official said. ...

the housing finance sector s overall profitability is likely to come under pressure since the incremental return on equity (roe) ...

bancs, a shared atm network compising 12 public private sector banks, private sector banks, and co-operative banks, and ...

united bank of india (ubi) is eyeing rs 400-500 crore net profit during the current financial year and is expected to wipe off ...

gartner inc has forecast significant consolidation in the indian public sector bank ownership structure with the indian ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) is keeping its options open of selling its stake in idbi bank even as the government ...

the chairman of a leading indian information technology outfit found himself hungry though he had $5,000 in travellers cheques ...

the much-talked about insurance scheme for over seven lakh diamond cutters and polishers, launched by the surat diamond ...

credit rating information services of india ltd (crisil), on request from confederation of indian industries (cii), will provide ...

uti bank is planning to increase its branch network in the south to about 80 from the existing 44 by the end of the next ...

reserve bank of india has asked banks to get their act together and ensure timely achievements of targets, both qualitative and ...

commerical banks are queuing up in the bond market to raise tier ii capital. issues worth rs 2,000 crore are likely to hit the ...

capital adequacy and asset liability management are familiar aspects of a bank s balance sheet. going one step ahead, the reserve ...

banks are no longer smitten by the rush for foreign currency-denominated deposits. even before the deposits could catch the fancy ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) directed all state and district central co-operative banks and regional rural banks (rrbs) to ...

united bank of india (ubi) intends to focus on the rural segment to grow its asset book. the bank, which has rs 18,000 crore in ...

work at banks and insurance companies across the country were paralysed yesterday because of the one-day strike called by ...

ramesh gelli, the founder and former chairman and managing director of global trust bank (gtb), is planning to set up a rs 100 ...

to simplify current account transactions, the reserve bank of india has announced another tranche of transactions which will ...

banks are cashing in on the growing interest of retail investors in mutual funds (mfs) by offering loans against mf units at ...

it is not just the big cities that are shining for retailers and marketers. consumer spending metrics are increasingly pointing ...

bank of maharashtra s rs 230 crore initial public offer is scheduled to open on february 25. the proceeds from the ipo would be ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) has directed its regional offices to process quickly and give in-principle approval within a ...

the government of india has capped the amount to be issued under market stabilisation scheme (mss) at rs 60,000 crore for the ...

at a time when bpo operations are much in the news on account of the us backlash and the indian government imposing tax on ...

in a first of its kind deal in the indian banking industry, bank of india (boi) is outsourcing its total information technology ...

the madras high court has granted an ad interim injunction to the nadar mahajana sangam, the apex body representing the nadars, ...

the union government seems to be completely at sea about its plans for the financial sector. the most recent proposal is to merge ...

to promote housing activities, the rajasthan government has signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with the state bank of ...

the maharashtra government has paid rs 105 crore worth state-backed loan outstandings of 10 co-operative sugar factories and 12 ...

despite the fact that asian development bank (adb), and kephinance investment mauritius pte ltd (kipl) have acquired additional ...

the spot rupee is due for further gains this week as the dollar weakens. according to dealers, the spot rupee is likely to hover ...

the abundant liquidity situation will continue this week. authorities are set to finalise the market stabilisation bond (msb) ...

government security prices continued to fall last week as investors, particularly foreign and private sector banks, went on a ...

india inc can now offer foreign currency loans to its employees working overseas freely without seeking the permission of the ...

securities exchange board of india (sebi) has awarded private insurers - both life and non-life - the status of qualified ...

buying a car on loan today works out cheaper than going for a home loan and the interest rate is almost on par with the ...

bank of maharashtra (mahabank) expects to emerge as a zero non-performing-asset bank by 2007 while its business is slated to grow ...

foreign currency convertible bonds (fccbs) are the flavour of the market as corporates are setting their borrowing priorities ...

with the opening up of insurance sector and competition between various insurance companies growing tougher by the day, most life ...

uti bank is foraying into merchant acquiring business in a big way. it has already set up around 1,000 electronic data capture ...

housing and urban development corporation ltd (hudco), digressing from its core activity of financing housing infrastructure ...

life insurers are confused about their role in the pension sector. with the centre expected to allow only nine players, life ...

market stabilisation bonds bills (msbs) are likely to be launched along with the revised liquidity adjustment facility (laf) ...

in tune with the industrial upswing, third quarter (october-december 2003) profit before tax and net profit of 445 companies ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) has set up offices in 51 branches of stock holding corporation of india ltd (shcil). ...

union rural development minister kashiram rana lauded the role played by co-operative credit societies in gujarat at a time when ...

actuaries have upped the ante against the finance ministry s proposal to provide charter status to the actuarial society of india ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is likely to allow the entry of stand-alone health insurance companies with ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) chairman c.s. rao did some tough talking when he asked third party ...

the chairmen and chief executive officers of private sector banks won t any longer have to knock on the reserve bank of india s ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) said it will mobilise rs 50,000 crore required for the ...

new insurance business written in asia is increasing for many global insurance companies. the high level of savings and growing ...

kotak mahindra bank will concentrate on stabilising its operations for the time being, and will scout for inorganic growth ...

asian development bank (adb), and kephinance investment mauritius pte ltd (kipl) have acquired an additional 6.5 per cent stake ...

nri deposits slumped to $232 million in november from $1.3 billion in the previous month, according to data released by the ...

one out of every four companies that had failed to repay loans was able to clear the debt within an average period of 2.5 years ...

andhra pradesh state financial corporation (apsfc) has evinced interest in securing an insurance corporate agency registration. ...

temasek holdings has raised its stake in icici bank to 7.28 per cent through its affiliate allamanda investments pte ltd a ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) is understood to have initiated an informal enquiry into the books of some banks and non-banking ...

a rush to check losses in portfolio ahead of the approaching financial year end and lack of positive triggers spurred unloading ...

icici lombard general insurance and amadeus, a service provider for computer reservation system (csr) in india, have tied up to ...

dismantling of the current tariff regime will put an end to the cross-subsidisation of non-tariff products taking place in the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) and the finance ministry are exploring the option of replacing a part of the central bank s ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is understood to be gearing up banks for a national launch of its online income tax collection ...

bank of maharashtra (mahabank) has received the securities and exchange board of india s approval for its rs 230 crore initial ...

the announcements in the mini-budget have further strengthened the positive view on the spot rupee which is expected to gain ...

gilt prices saw a fall during the last week following a base rate hike by the bank of england which fuelled the feeling that ...

for life insurance companies, the battlefield has moved to the unit-linked platform. and birla sun life insurance company, ...

public sector insurance major life insurance corporation of india hopes to register a total premium income of rs 10,000 crore ...

going by the figures released by the reserve bank of india (rbi) in its weekly statistical supplement (wss), the reserve money ...

the lending community wants to cap power tariff at rs 2 to rs 2.50 per unit as a precondition for financial closure for all power ...

on january 18, 2004, the indian institute of banking and finance (formerly indian institute of bankers) broke from its past and ...

multilateral development banks and agencies in india will be allowed to hedge their rupee exposure to fixed income derivatives. ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi), which is on the threshold of being converted into a full-fledged commercial bank, ...

centurion bank expects to come out with its right issue of about rs 65 crore by june. addressing media persons in chennai, ...

although commercial banks of gujarat have been performing better than expected as far as priority sector lending is concerned, ...

the reserve bank of india s decision to free capital flows up to $25,000 for individuals may trigger capital exodus from the ...

the appreciation in global currencies, like the euro, pound sterling and the australian dollar against the rupee by well over 10 ...

in yet another move to liberalise foreign exchange management regulations, the reserve bank of india permitted banks to grant ...

co-operative banks in saurashtra and kutch have decided to move the gujarat high court against a state government notification ...

deposit insurance credit guarantee corporation (dicgc) has decided to double the deposit insurance premium to 10 paise per rs 100 ...

depositors in 35 multi-state co-operative banks, holding deposits of around rs 30,000 crore, have become ineligible for deposit ...

domestic rating agency icra is on the lookout for five to six medium-sized outsourcing firms as it plans to step up its presence ...

citigroup has executed india s first floating rate issuance for receivables of rs 252 crore using the five-year government ...

icici bank on wednesday carried out india s first collateralised debt obligation (cdo) transaction backed by corporate loan ...

more relaxations in foreign exchange regulations are on the anvil. following the easing of various caps in foreign exchange ...

the credit economy is on a roll. the personal credit outstanding in the country climbed four times to rs 1,60,000 crore in 2003 ...

om kotak mahindra life insurance company, the life insurance division of the kotak group, is targetting a 300 per cent rise in ...

kotak mahindra bank (kmb) considers gujarat as the most important state in the country for its business, uday kotak, vice ...

the board of the jalna district central co-operative bank (jdcc) has been dissolved by the commissioner for co-operation ...

icici securities (i-sec), the investment banking arm of icici bank, is drawing up a blue-print of possible acquisition targets by ...

indian banks association (iba) has formed a small group to examine how the benefits of technological developments in the banking ...

insurance companies will no longer need to resort to accounting jugglery if they are keen to air their tv commercials on foreign ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) has surpassed the targeted premium of rs 1,830 crore under group insurance schemes ...

icici bank s plan to float a rs 3,500 crore equity issue may have been triggered by two critical objectives ring-fencing against ...

banking on the brand support of icra, the mumbai-based online indiacapital.com ltd rechristened icra online ltd plans to make ...

the reserve bank of india has formed a high power committee headed by the governor for integrated market surveillance and alert ...

banks have launched an interest rate war on foreign exchange deposits to attract global indians. citibank was first off the ...

.punjab national bank (pnb) has decided to pick up eight per cent stake in the national commodity and derivatives exchange ...

public sector banks in the country will come on par with private and foreign banks operating in india within three years, bank of ...

as part of its internal restructuring, the reserve bank of india (rbi) is understood to have taken an in-principle decision to ...

andhra bank has entered into an agreement with corporation bank to share atms. the arrangement, which will be operationalised ...

liquidity seems to be no longer a key factor for the bond market. despite being in abundance last week, the markets crumbled on ...

with the relaxation of the external commercial borrowing (ecb) norms, most of the triple a-rated corporates are weighing options ...

after a week of lacklustre sentiment, the bond market got to a good start on interim budget day. this was after the mini budget ...

the provisions in the interim budget have further strengthened the positive outlook on the spot rupee, which is expected to gain ...

the reserve bank of india task force on small savings schemes is understood to have recommended an almost 50 basis point cut ...

the reserve bank of india has yet again extended the time limit for processing of applications for one-time settlement (ots) of ...

the twelve private life insurance players in the country have carved out a market share of 11.79 per cent of the rs 9,713 crore ...

indian cricket fans might hate the australian team, but as depositors they have taken a fancy to australian dollar deposits as ...

in a move that will bring immense relief to recognised trading houses and export-oriented units, the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

the wholesale price index-based inflation level fell marginally to 6.12 per cent for the week ended january 24. this is the ...

even the three-fold jump in government subsidy to the life insurance corporation (lic) for operating the varishtha pension bima ...

despite a rs 800 crore assistance to co-operatives, the government is going to reduce its funding to financial institutions by ...

chennai-based indian bank has reported a 116.18 per cent growth in net profit for the nine months ended december 31, 2003. indian ...

small industries development bank of india (sidbi) is planning to raise $200 million from world bank with a 20-25 years tenure. ...

the indian insurance industry may no longer be able to fall back on the general insurance corporation of india (gic) to pick up a ...

the wholesale debt market (wdm) segment on the national stock exchange (nse) has reported a 44.5 per cent decline in turnover in ...

the reserve bank of india is pushing the centre for an ordinance amending the multi state co-operative societies act (msca), 1984 ...

within 24 hours of the reserve bank of india (rbi) announcing freedom for indian residents to remit up to $25,000 overseas, banks ...

some global banks are taking a long and hard look at indian banks for possible acquisition following the government s decision ...

after two days of gains, the government securities market crashed yesterday with prices of long-term paper falling by almost 50 ...

following the footsteps of state bank of india and icici bank, canara bank has classified its loan to dabhol power company (dpc) ...

state bank of india (sbi) has decided to shut down 15 more branches in the kolkata region as part of its branch rationalisation ...

south indian bank ltd (sib) on wednesday launched sib suraksha, a life insurance product designed for its customers by icici ...

with only seven weeks left for the end of the current financial year, lic s south-central zone, has achieved only close to 50 per ...

resident individuals can now remit up to $25,000 per calendar year for any purpose without any distinction between the ...

the government cleared the appointment of m damodaran as the interim chief of industrial development bank of india with a tenure ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has postponed the launch of real time gross settlement (rtgs). according to dealers, rtgs was ...

the reduction in existing stamp duties by half will significantly reduce transaction charges and benefit issuers of commercial ...

in a move that will add depth to the government securities market, the reserve bank of india yesterday allowed multilateral ...

ashok leyland, the country s second biggest truck and bus manufacturer, will raise $100 million through a foreign float, the ...

indian hotels company, the tata s group s hosiptality company, has raised $150 million through foreign currency convertible bonds ...

corporates can now fund acquisition of public sector undertakings on the disinvestment list through external commercial ...

the voluntary retirement scheme (vrs) announced by four public sector non-life insurance companies three weeks ago has received a ...

faced with dues amounting to crore of rupees, hospitals have written to the central government asking that insurance companies ...

the bond market got a leg-up yesterday following the interim budget announcement on the government s lower fiscal deficit and ...

the centre s interest payments are projected to rise 7.5 per cent to rs 1,29,500 crore during 2004-05 compared to rs 1,20,475 ...

the co-operative banking sector is sceptical of the grand rs 15,000 crore scheme announced by finance minister jaswant singh ...

the finance minister s announcement on repositioning the industrial development bank of india (idbi) as the country s lead ...

with the reserve bank of india (rbi) making it difficult for co-operative banks to expand their branch network a fall-out of ...

the rs 5,000-crore bajaj auto plans to set up an asset management company (amc) as a first step towards entering the pension ...

state bank of india (sbi) will extend its internet banking facility to rajahmundry, kakinada, srikakulam and vijayanagaram ...

global trust bank (gtb) is expecting to complete its capital-raising exercise by february-end. the bank has recently raised its ...

global trust bank (gtb) has earned a net profit of rs 11.76 crore for the nine-month period ending december 31, 2003, as compared ...

the funds position in the market is more than adequate but there is little to cheer for the gilts mart because there are too many ...

last week s story will continue this week too, with primary issues of various banks and public sector undertakings in the process ...

liquidity will remain abundant and this could be a cause for worry this time because there are no major outflows from the banking ...

call rates hovered around 4.25-4.50 per cent in the interbank money market last week on the back of ample liquidity amid thin ...

a pan-india electronic funds transfer (eft) system is set to become a reality in the next couple of months. the institute for ...

centurion bank is likely to appoint senior executives to head its different business units even as the first stage of the bank s ...

as the centre considers hiving off non-strategic equity holding of unit trust of india (uti) to banks and institutions, the life ...

dollar weakness globally will add to the strength of the rupee and dealers see the rupee around 45.2950-45.33 throughout the ...

state non-life insurance companies intend to close down 400 of their 4,000 branches across the country to decrease overheads and ...

state bank of india (sbi) reported a net profit of rs 919.44 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2003. this reflects a ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda), which has recently allowed insurance companies to invest their temporary ...

state bank of india (sbi) chairman a k purwar does not expect domestic interest rates to follow global interest rates, expecting ...

financial institution ifci ltd reported an over 10-fold jump in its net loss to rs 1,114.65 crore during october-december 2003 ...

ifci ltd, the country s oldest development finance institution, will merge with punjab national bank. the boards of the two ...

punjab national bank has reported a 37 per cent increase in net profit during the quarter ended december 2003 to rs 259.80 crore ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) has reported a 17.5 per cent rise in net profit for the third quarter ended december ...

bank of baroda has reported a 20.66 per cent rise in net profit for the third quarter ending december 31, 2003, to rs 306.95 ...

a survey conducted by international consultancy firm idc on behalf of ncr corporation on usage pattern of automated teller ...

icici bank announced a major reshuffle at its top tier. its executive director kalpana morparia has been elevated to the post of ...

the life insurance business in india is expected to grow by leaps and bounds and jump by more than 300 per cent while non-life ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) set out the norms for acquisition of stakes in private sector banks that among other things seek to ...

the issue of a merger of ifci ltd with punjab national bank (pnb) may come up for discussion during the respective board meetings ...

bank of india (boi) has reported a 16 per cent increase in its third quarter net profit at rs 228.55 crore as against rs 196.89 ...

backed by a sharp rise in other income, icici bank has reported a 33.24 per cent rise in net profit for the third quarter ending ...

india s gems and jewellery industry is in a tizzy over mounting debts. this year the overseas debt is estimated to be $7.5 ...

among emerging markets, india s ratio of foreign exchange reserves to gross domestic product stands at 14.5 per cent as against a ...

foreign direct investment (fdi) outflow from india has shown a significant increase in the recent years reflecting the global ...

the proportion of non-debt capital inflows into the country has increased from around five per cent in the latter half of 1980s ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) said non-food credit offtake from banks recorded a larger expansion on a year-on-year (y-o-y) basis, ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) said the downward bias in inflation rate may not be attainable due to the uncertain outlook for oil ...

reserve bank of india indicated that the momentum towards capital account convertibility will continue in the same vigour as ...

reserve bank of india s (rbi) report on currency and finance expects india to stand out as one of the fastest growing countries ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) has suggested taxing foreign exchange inflows as a means to better manage large capital inflows. in ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) is urging for correction in the excessively high minimum support prices for agricultural products, ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi), the public sector undertaking which provides long-term finance to industries, will ...

hdfc bank is ramping up its retail banking business by widening its branch network and taking its retail products to a larger ...

the reserve bank of india s report on currency and finance 2002-03, released yesterday has lashed out at the centre s fiscal ...

lic housing finance ltd (lichfl) has posted a higher net profit of rs 45.23 crore in the third quarter of fiscal 2004, up by 9.41 ...

indian overseas bank (iob) has registered a 21 per cent growth in net profit at rs 142.01 crore for the third quarter in 2003-04 ...

magma leasing ltd (mll) is considering the possibility of offering a portion of the promoters 72 per cent stake in favour of ...

tatas are open to divesting their stake in favour of the american international group (aig) to a maximum of 49 per cent in tata ...

the state bank of india (sbi)-ge capital joint venture is set to launch sbi cards in sri lanka. sbi will be the first indian bank ...

credit rating agency icra said the ratings assigned by it exhibited a higher degree of stability in 2003, reflecting the ...

pre-tax profit of public sector banks will come down by 4.5 per cent in the near term and by 10.2 per cent over time owing to the ...

here are some numbers that may cheer the banks. there are, finally, some signs of robust credit offtake. data put out by the ...

idbi bank has posted a net profit of rs 36.3 crore in the third quarter of fiscal 2004, reflecting a 32.5 per cent increase ...

kotak mahindra bank has clocked a 67.84 per cent rise in net profit in the third quarter ending december 31, 2003, to rs 18.95 ...

liquidity remains abundant in the banking system, but this is not what is expected to trigger buying in gilts. it, strangely, is ...

interbank call money rates ended little changed at 4.30-4.50 per cent last week 4.25 4.50 per cent on monday.

the moody s upgrade of india has given a shot in the arm to the rupee as the rating is expected to increase capital inflows into ...

the global markets research arm of deutsche bank has said that it is high time the credit channels that allow resource flow ...

the government may not issue separate market stabilisation bonds or bills (msbs) the proposed special variety of bills or bonds ...

overseas fund raising through equity by indian companies is all set to see a phenomenal rise in 2004, top citigroup officials ...

the deposit insurance credit guarantee association (dicga) of the reserve bank of india (rbi) has appointed chartered accountants ...

canara bank has registered a 34.18 per cent increase in net profit to touch rs 954 crore for the 9-month period ended 31 december ...

it s back to school for insurance agents individual and corporate. the insurance regulatory development authority s (irda) has ...

state bank of india, icici bank and hdfc bank are likely to join the mastercard-led india co-operation committee (icc) s negative ...

the lifting of india s long-term foreign currency rating to investment grade by moody s investors service resulted in the spot ...

while the upgrade of india outlook by moody s was anticipated for a long time, investment bankers active in syndication of ...

first the life insurance corporation of india (lic) aimed for a 100 basis point increase in its average yields through secondary ...

bank of rajasthan has reported a 67 per cent jump in its third quarter net profit at rs 30.65 crore as against rs 18.36 crore in ...

haldia petrochemicals ltd (hpl) has proposed $300 million external commercial borrowing (ecb) to convert part of its high-cost ...

the all gujarat co-operative banks depositors and account holders association (agcbdaha) on wednesday made a representation to ...

icici bank has overtaken housing finance major housing development finance corporation (hdfc) in the first three quarters of this ...

global rating agency moody s investors service raised india s long term foreign currency ratings to investment grade baa3 from ...

vijaya bank q3 net profit has shot up by 118 per cent to touch rs 286.90 crore as against rs 131.11 crore for the corresponding ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has directed all insurers to file a reconciliation statement on purchase ...

uco bank has registered a 47 per cent growth in net profit at rs 426 crore for the nine months ending december 2003, against rs ...

insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has expanded the scope of investment by insurance companies in mutual ...

corporate india and bankers predicted that india would now get more foreign investment in the capital markets and in foreign ...

following the rating upgrade by moody s investor services, india now finds itself in the company of russia, kazakhstan, croatia, ...

finance minister jaswant singh said the upgrade of the country s foreign currency rating by moody s investor services reflected ...

american international group inc is looking at new businesses to supplement its life and general insurance and private equity ...

indian oil corporation (ioc) was excluded from the restructuring process of haldia petrochemicals ltd (hpl) after a meeting of ...

the last meeting of corporate debt restructuring (cdr) cell for haldia petrochemicals (hpl) will be held in mumbai today, and ...

rating agency crisil has developed a gvc (governance and value creation) model of rating for benchmarking governance practices ...

foreign institutional investors (fii) are more bullish on public sector banks (psb) than their private counterparts and have ...

aviva life insurance india, the 74 26 joint venture between dabur india and uk s largest insurer aviva plc, is eyeing a premium ...

the rate of inflation will remain within the projected range of 4-4.5 per cent and the economy is resilient enough to take care ...

anne krueger, first deputy managing director of international monetary fund (imf), has suggested a more flexible approach for the ...

the sajjan jindal-controlled jindal vijaynagar steel (jvsl) has renegotiated rs 400 crore debt with a foreign lender, which has ...

aviva life insurance has hiked its capital by another rs 88 crore to rs 243 crore for sustained growth in business, which doubled ...

as a precursor to conversion into a bank, industrial development bank of india has increased its branch network from 39 to over ...

syndicate bank has reported a net profit of rs 305 crore for the nine months ended december 31, 2003, up 25 per cent over the ...

uti bank has reported a rise in net profit of 45.35 per cent for the third quarter ended december 31, 2003, to rs 74.86 crore as ...

the consortium of banks that lends food credit to the food corporation of india (fci) has decided to cut the interest rate by 1.5 ...

the union government s initiative to relax the external commercial borrowing (ecb) guidelines, less than two months after they ...

a review petition filed by the apex urban co-operative bank of maharashtra and goa against cancellation of its banking licence ...

over rs 220 crore interest subsidy on co-operative farm loans was availed of by the farmers during the last one year, according ...

munich re, the reinsurance major, has decided to revive talks with the reliance group for setting up a reinsurance company in ...

the indian bankers association (iba) has asked the reserve bank of india (rbi) to take a relook at the existing guidelines on ...

union bank of india s net profit nudged up by 4.49 per cent to rs 150.04 crore in the quarter ended december 31, 2003 as against ...

federal bank has posted a 37.40 per cent rise in net profit at rs 113.30 crore for the nine months ended december 31, 2003, ...

the ministry of external affairs is considering a proposal to allow commercial banks to extend lines of credit to foreign ...

the finance ministry yielded to india inc s demand for easier access to external commercial borrowings (ecbs) by permitting ...

the finance ministry will soon finalise a comprehensive agriculture loan package after consultations with the agriculture ...

while liquidity remains abundant this week, rising inflation and no major triggers means participants will be desperate to search ...

call rates hovered around 4.25-4.50 per cent at the inter-bank money market last week on the back of ample liquidity amid poor ...

global strengthening of dollar on the intervention by various central banks to keep their respective currencies slowed down the ...

to prevent a recurrence of the hometrade scam, the finance ministry is planning to ask provident funds to take membership on ...

the government s proposal to create a rs 50,000 crore fund for the core sector has taken a new turn with the centre mulling to ...

canara bank is targeting a business of rs 1,31,000 crore by the end of this fiscal compared with rs 1,12,000 crore in last ...

unlisted companies are increasingly feeling the heat after tapping the market following the sebi- rbi circular on private ...

despite numerous tax cuts announced in the mini-budget , market borrowings will not get affected as there will not be any ...

former reserve bank of india (rbi) governor dr bimal jalan said decision making in the economy cannot be independent till the ...

the rise in inflation over the last quarter has pushed the real rate of interest on the benchmark 7.40 per cent 2012 government ...

the finance ministry admitted that the increasing inflation, which has now crossed 6 per cent, was a cause for concern and it ...

i m really thrilled by the events of the past few days , exults indira rajaraman, rbi professor at the national institute of ...

the government must go slow on support to agriculture and industry through targeted credit and subsidised interest rates if south ...

the government is likely to clarify its policy on permitting foreign banks to acquire 100 per cent stake in indian private banks. ...

what all uses can the atm-cum-debit card possibly be put to that you can withdraw cash, verify balance in the account, transfer ...

the kotak mahindra group, which has an asset reconstruction division, is toying with the idea of setting up a full-fledged asset ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi)has entered the market to raise around rs 800 crore, which includes a greenshoe option ...

talks are on between the national housing bank (nhb), the ministry of finance and the ministry of labour to allow provident funds ...

the government has cleared the decks for more equity deals such as hsbc-uti bank in the country following its announcement to ...

the increase in foreign direct investment (fdi) to 74 per cent in the banking sector is unlikely to have a major impact as the ...

the union cabinet has permitted foreign banks to set up wholly-owned subsidiaries in india besides raising the foreign direct ...

residuary non-banking company peerless general finance investment co ltd (pgficl) has targeted a rs 1,100 crore deposit ...

the government is considering utilising electronic funds transfer mechanism for instant transfer of customs payments that ...

allahabad bank and bank of india (boi) will subscribe to 10 per cent and 15 per cent stakes, respectively, in asrec india ltd, ...

ministry of civil aviation and ministry of surface transport (most) are in talks with financial institutions (fis) to fund ...

even though the commerce ministry is weighing the option of an early exim policy announcement, the government is planning ...

the kolkata-based allahabad bank reported a 115 per cent rise in the net profit at rs 98.36 crore in the third quarter ...

corporation bank has reported a 25.38 per cent decline in its net profit to rs 113.28 crore for the third quarter ended december ...

indusind bank has reported a 210.4 per cent increase in net profit for the third quarter ended december 31,2003 to rs 77.09 crore ...

allianz bajaj has launched a unit-linked policy unitgain. it offers a choice of 4 funds equity, debt, balanced and cash funds. ...

the indian banks association s code for banking practice is set to undergo a makeover. to be christened as the model code for ...

the centre is likely to provide around rs 750 crore to industrial development bank of india (idbi) in the third supplementary ...

in line with the guidelines for non-slr investments for banks, the reserve bank of india yesterday clarified the investment norms ...

punjab national bank (pnb) has sought government permission to raise $215 million overseas to finance a debt restructuring ...

states will issue rs 8,000 crore of additional securities as part of their ongoing debt swap programme to reduce high cost ...

the reserve bank of india has notified that indian corporates registered partnership firms can invest up to 100 per cent of ...

the finance ministry is likely to ask the reserve bank of india (rbi) to issue a new set of bonds, instead of government ...

the ten-year paper of maharashtra, which was auctioned yesterday, fetched an unusually high rate of 6 per cent as against an ...

h srikrishnan, who is currently the country head (transaction banking and operations) at hdfc bank, is picking up a minority ...

the industrial development bank of india (idbi) has revamped its debt borrowing programme as an effort to be in line with new ...

foreign institutional investors (fiis) bought an additional 5.82 crore equity shares of public and private sector banks during ...

liquidity will be the key factor in the government securities market this week. participants have regained the confidence in the ...

part of rs 50,000 crore corpus being created for agricultural infrastructure and rural credit fund will be used to restructure ...

the government has launched the biggest ever loan mela in the history. it will force the banking community to dole out rs ...

the idbi-led consortium of domestic lenders, with exposure in the $3 billion dabhol power project, has got the approval from the ...

the textiles and garments industry, the single largest contributor to the country s export basket, is the worst affected because ...

the newly constituted asset reconstruction company of india ltd (arcil) has taken over assets of six companies at a discount of ...

hdfc bank has reported a 31.8 per cent rise in net profit at rs 130.4 crore for the third quarter ended december 31, 2003 as ...

the dust kicked up over the delay in appointments of executive directors (eds) in various public sector banks is likely to settle ...

the rupee is likely to touch 43.50 by the end of calendar 2004 and will be at around 45-45.25 against the dollar by the end of ...

a merger between punjab national bank and financial institution ifci ltd is in the works with finance minister jaswant singh ...

dada-dadi bonds likely to be modelled on granny bonds overseas may replace the varishtha pension bima yojana. the varishta ...

dada-dadi bonds likely to be modelled on granny bonds overseas are set to replace varishta pension bima yojana. the varishta ...

chairman of the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda), c s rao, on thursday stressed on the need to safeguard the ...

employees of banks and corporates can heave a sigh of relief after the finance ministry yesterday notified that for perquisite ...

banks have sought parallel status for the bonds to be issued from the market stabilisation fund (msf) on a par with government ...

federal bank may tap the capital markets with a rights-cum-public issue in the coming financial year, according to the bank ...

ing vysya life insurance company is planning to rope in major urban co-operative banks (ucbs) as bancassurance partners to widen ...

the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard) has slashed interest rates on various short-term medium-term ...

union bank of india today signed an agreement with hdfc standard life insurance company to offer its depositors insurance cover. ...

despite the state government s efforts to revive the visnagar-based sarvodaya nagarik co-operative bank by asking two other banks ...

bond prices went up by 40-50 paise across maturities following the cut-off rate announced at the open market operation (omo) held ...

jammu kashmir bank has reported a 23.12 per cent increase in net profit for the third quarter ended december 31, 2003 to rs ...

the reserve bank of india yesterday said the economy was likely to grow around 7 per cent in 2003-04 and gave its projection an ...

the government is considering lowering interest rates for small scale and tiny industries as part of a financial package for the ...

attorney general soli sorabjee apprised the supreme court of the safeguards that could be introduced in the securitisation and ...

to streamline operations and widen its reach, the small industries development bank of india (sidbi) has set up four zonal ...

the reserve bank of india, after trimming its manpower through the recently concluded optional early retirement scheme (oers), is ...

centurion bank announced the appointment of shailendra bhandari, managing director of prudential-icici asset management co, as ...

reserve bank of india governor y v reddy yesterday warned banks that they could go out of business if savers decided to divert ...

the corporate debt restructuring (cdr) cell of banks and financial institutions has rejected a request from the southern ...

syndicate bank s ap zone has well exceeded its set targets for the nine months period ended december 2003. the bank did a total ...

though private and nationalised banks have reduced interest rates on home loans to around 6.5-7.5 per cent in the last one year, ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic), the largest indian institutional investor in the equity market, is likely to invest ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) has decided to permit interest rate futures contracts on a ten-year bond ...

the state bank of india scrip touched an all-time high of rs 604 in intra-day trades on monday, before closing at rs 601.25, up ...

the fund-flush coal miners provident fund is making big time investments in debt. it has picked up significant portions of the ...

the industrial development bank of india (idbi) is exploring the possibility of merging idbi home finance, a 100 per cent ...

the government said nationalised banks need not return equity since they would require more capital once the basle ii norms, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has come down heavily on the foreign and private sector banks for shying away from priority ...

syndicate bank is planning to raise rs 100 crore subordinated debt within two months to shore up its capital adequacy ratio ...

a referendum to recognise employees unions and staff associations of the four public sector general insurance companies - united ...

a v vedpuriswar, the dean of knowledge centre, institute of chartered financial analysts of india (icfai) university, hyderabad, ...

while the abundant liquidity in the banking system will drive down yields on government securities, the market is expecting the ...

the outlook on the spot rupee is strong but cautious. the reserve bank may step in to curb any appreciation in the rupee against ...

liquidity will be abundant in the system though there will be a net outflow of around rs 11,000 crore. the abundance in liquidity ...

the rupee fell by a whopping 11 paise against the us dollar on the inter-bank foreign exchange (forex) last week due to fag-end ...

the market has got a boost following the securities and exchange board of india (sebi)-rbi clarification that the new circular ...

the rs 500 crore price stabilisation fund (psf) scheme for tea, coffee, rubber and tobacco growers is slated to become ...

bhw holding acg of germany is expected to raise its holding in birla home finance ltd (bhfl) to 74 per cent soon. bhw had ...

centurion bank has roped in morgan stanley as merchant banker for its proposed rs 65 crore rights or public issue for its second ...

idbi bank is in talks with the ministry of external affairs and ministry of personal grievances to handle their inward and ...

the expert committee on remuneration system for insurance brokers, agents in general insurance business has mooted a separate ...

the centre s new year gift of rs 8,000 crore in interest on the special deposit scheme (sds) to provident funds (pfs) has left ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has directed banks to raise the margin on all advances against shares and financing of initial ...

the telangana region in the state occupies both the top and bottom slots in credit disbursals by the banks for the period ended ...

public sector banks (psbs) are reluctant to acquire the central government s 50 per cent stake in regional rural banks (rrbs). ...

the reserve bank of india s committee on interest rate derivative yesterday recommended that banks wanting to trade in interest ...

public sector banks (psb) will gain a better edge over their private sector and foreign peers on the technological front as they ...

crisil has reported a 43 per cent drop in its net profit at rs 3.13 crore in the third quarter ended december 31, 2003, as ...

birla home finance ltd (bhfl), which disbursed rs 310 crore in home loans during the last fiscal year, has now decided to ...

the private sector banks, which have 341 branches in the state, are lagging way behind others in meeting the reserve bank of ...

the gujarat government has said none of the 20 co-operative banks in the state, which had collapsed in the past one and a half ...

narender kumar exhults in his debit card. earlier we had to carry cash while shopping and there always was the risk of losing ...

the central government has appointed india invest economic foundation, a private agency, as consultant for operationalisation of ...

hdfc standard life insurance company will gradually offer all its existing insurance schemes on a unit-linked platform in ...

the total gain in the foreign exchange reserves of india maintained abroad has fallen to $1.8 billion for the first half ...

there is a consensus among bankers about the gradual appreciation of rupee this year. on the interest rate front, however, the ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) has asked life insurance companies to withdraw the growth option for ...

indian inc is learning to cope with the rising rupee. a year back, the exporting community was crying foul terming loss of ...

icici bank said its credit cards user base has crossed the two-million mark, making it the leading cards player in the country. a ...

the reserve bank of india has permitted the clearing corporation of india ltd (ccil) to offer its indigeneously developed money ...

the profitability of the indian banking sector will come under pressure due to intense competition and expansion into newer areas ...

provident fund (pf) trusts set up by corporates and public sector undertakings (psus) are migrating to investment in secondary ...

cholamandalam financial services group (chola fsg), the financial services wing of the chennai-based rs 4,200-crore murugappa ...

united bank of india (ubi) has tied-up with the intelligence bureau (ib) of police for disbursing home loans at easy terms and ...

the debt market once again saw interest rates falling across maturities in calendar 2003 but the slide has not been as stiff as ...

state bank of saurashtra (sbs), the only nationalised bank headquartered in gujarat, is targeting a 100 per cent rise in net ...

the rupee dollar exchange rate saw the highest appreciation of almost five per cent in calendar year 2003. the rupee opened at ...

the expert committee set up to examine remuneration system for general insurance brokers and agents has recommended that ...

the finance ministry will be releasing about rs 10,000 crore of additional liquidity into the markets soon in lieu of interest ...

corporates planning big-ticket external commercial borrowing will have lots to cheer about in the new year. the government is ...

indusind bank , which announced a scheme of amalgamation by way of merger of ashok leyland finance limited (alfl) last week, ...

the insurance regulatory development authority (irda) has come down heavily on insurance companies on the issue of filing for new ...

india s foreign exchange reserves, now at $100.05 billion, is expected to reach $104 billion by march, but its high growth may ...

the centre s initiative to compulsorily insure emigrants going abroad for employment has received immense support from the ...

state bank of india (sbi) announced a 25 basis point reduction in its benchmark prime lending rate (plr) to 10.25 per cent, ...

the centre is not likely to accept the demand made by foreign banks operating in india for tax deduction at par with that of ...

the supreme court ruled last week that primary agricultural co-operative banks, separate undertakings with their own balance ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) is said to be looking into complaints lodged by some private sector mutual ...

liquidity continues to be more than adequate in the system with no major credit offtake in the banking industry or any government ...

yields on medium and long-tenor gilts eased by about five to 10 basis points last week as mutual funds and banks increased their ...

yields on gilts, especially those with slightly long and long tenors, are expected to come off by about 10 basis points in the ...

aaa-rated long-tenor non-statutory liquidity ratio (non-slr) papers will see good trading interest as market participants (mutual ...

the rupee is seen hovering in the 45.50-45.60 per dollar range this week amid thin trades.

icra has started rating the rs 60,000 crore healthcare industry, which is expected to provide information both to the users as ...

for all the buzz in banking circles about the demand for credit picking up at a sizzling pace, the figures tell a story that s ...

an early general election would bring the curtains down on quite a few significant bills the bjp government had pushed for during ...

the five per cent direct discount is expected to continue till april 1, 2006 as per the recommendations made by the three-member ...

with just about a quarter left to shift to the new asset classification norms, indian banking industry is working overtime to ...

state bank of mysore (sbm) has announced the launch the country s first automated stamp duty collection machine in the backdrop ...

state-owned banks, bank of baroda (bob) and canara bank have decided to peg their benchmark prime lending rates (bplrs) at 10.50 ...

the creditors of sick company uniworth ltd appear to have fallen out among themselves, with some of them in effect reversing the ...

co-operative banks in gujarat have made a silent entry into the two-wheeler finance mart, adding to the competition in this ...

the corporate debt restructuring cell comprising senior executives of banks and financial institutions has cleared a ...

the gujarat government s move to liquidate the diamond jubilee co-operative bank ltd which collapsed after senior bjp leader c r ...

the debt market has remained lacklustre in the last couple of months, with debt fund managers advising investors to avoid ...

the centre has sounded out public sector banks about floating a credit rating agency to exclusively assess the credit worthiness ...

the dynamic investment environment of today as interest rates move south and equities look up warrants that investment ...

the tenth annual general meeting (agm) of global trust bank (gtb) held yesterday unanimously approved of the resolution to ...

singapore-based temasek holdings (pte) ltd has picked up a 5.2 per cent stake in the icici bank from the secondary market through ...

foreign lenders to the beleaguered enron-promoted dabhol power corporation (dpc) have rejected a proposal by domestic lenders to ...

the export credit guarantee corporation of india (ecgc) is now offering e-connectivity to its customers for online filling of ...

the government is considering state bank of india s request for lifting the ceiling on equity holding of 200 shares per investor ...

jammu kashmir bank is considering the possibility of offering around eight to ten per cent of its stake to strategic ...

outgoing reserve bank of india (rbi) deputy governor vepa kamesam said the foreign exchange inflow will continue as india is ...

the madras high court passed an order preventing the newly constituted management committee of the tamilnad mercantile bank from ...

unit trust of india (uti) has the single largest suit-filed non-performing asset among financial institutions at rs 106 crore of ...

the centre s fiscal deficit will widen to the extent of the interest payments made on the bonds and bills issued from the reserve ...

kotak mahindra bank is awaiting the finance ministry s guidelines on the proposed 74 per cent foreign direct investment (fdi) in ...

the reserve bank of india has set up a committee on procedures and performance audit on public services in order to benchmark the ...

idbi bank will work closely with idbi in the transformation phase as the parent converts into a bank, said the newly appointed ...

finance minister jaswant singh has ruled out full convertibility of the rupee on capital account in the country till the fiscal ...

andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu today asked the sponsor banks of regional rural banks (rrbs) and nabard to form ...

the banks in the state could achieve only 79 per cent of their targeted production credit during the khariff season of the ...

insurance coverage for deposits in non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) is unlikely to be provided as the reserve bank of india ...

interest on home loans is likely to remain low and the share of banks in the overall mortgage market is set to rise in the medium ...

with almost half of the annual business coming in the last quarter of the fiscal, life insurance companies are increasing their ...

even as the chief minister of gujarat, narendra modi, on sunday claimed that his one-year-old government has succeeded in ...

india can attract greater foreign investment, if it can accelerate growth with reasonable balance on the fiscal and external ...

long-dated gilts witnessed a smart rally of almost two rupees last week on hopes that provident funds will buy into these ...

the market is expected to be bullish this week, driven by the fresh inflow of funds as the centre talks of interest payments to ...

yields on corporate bonds, especially those from the idbi stable, have the potential to soften by 10-15 basis points this week ...

icici lombard general insurance company has paid rs 20 lakh to gujarat corporative milk marketing federation (gcmmf), which owns ...

the economy is showing signs of a pick-up in investment demand, partly aided by the low interest rate regime, said rakesh mohan, ...

in what could be the most bullish outlook for indian economy, brokerage house clsa has revised the growth projections to 9 per ...

in a new twist to the controversy-ridden tamilnad mercantile bank saga, the additional principal bench of the company law board, ...

the ing vysya group has set up ing vysya pension trust, the legal entity overseeing the group s plans to foray into the pension ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh) has become one of the few public sector banks to have achieved 100 per cent computerisation of ...

sbi life insurance company will launch its first co-branded insurance product for united bank of india s customers griha shobha ...

it will be a comeback of sorts for ramesh gelli, the founder and main promoter of the hyderabad-based global trust bank (gtb), ...

shailendra bhandari, managing director of prudential-icici asset management company, is tipped to join centurion bank as managing ...

the board of the industrial development bank of india (idbi) is slated to meet today in delhi to review its plan for conversion ...

the profitability of public sector banks (psbs) central bank of india, state bank of india (sbi), united bank of india and uco ...

armed with an order of the debt recovery tribunal (drt), allahabad bank on friday attached the property of centre point building ...

l t-john deere private limited, a 50 50 joint venture between the indian engineering major and the us-based leading farm ...

lic housing finance proposes to raise rs 200 crore through global depository receipts (gdrs) early next year to augment its ...

igate global solutions has bagged a $20 million it outsourcing deal from ing vysya bank for a period of 5 years. ing vysya bank ...

the new india assurance company has retained its leadership in the renewal of the rs 40,000-crore plus reliance industries (ril) ...

domestic credit rating major crisil announced it had acquired the london-based economatters and its four subsidiary companies gas ...

prakash nayak heads the operations of kotak mahindra bank (kmb) in gujarat. after spending 11 years with the company in ...

banking software maker laser soft infosystems has implemented probanker cb, a core banking solution at 140 branches of andhra ...

the bhopal circle of the state bank of india (sbi), which includes madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh, plans to set up over 300 ...

national reinsurer general insurance corporation of india (gic) is likely to see a consolidation at the top with the chairman s ...

who said south indians are risk averse check out the numbers of unit-linked policies sold by the largest life insurer the life ...

standard poor s ratings services has revised the outlook on india s long-term foreign currency rating from negative to ...

ashok lahiri, the chief economic adviser to the finance ministry, yesterday said he was surprised that standard poor s ...

corporates are knocking on the doors of the cash-rich life insurance corporation of india (lic) to meet their funding ...

as a member of the world trade organisation (wto), india will have to lift the cap on foreign capital in the insurance sector ...

taking a further step towards liberalising the capital account, the reserve bank of india (rbi) said in a circular that indians ...

state-level undertakings may no longer be able to raise resources from banks as per the new securities and exchange board of ...

the reserve bank of india is planning to extend participation in the repos market to all corporates. further, the central bank ...

konkan railway corporation (krc) will redeem rs 883 crore worth high-cost debt raised at around 10.5 per cent by taking advantage ...

government securities are also expected to stay ranged, notwithstanding the fact that the system is flush with liquidity. the ...

yields on corporate bonds will be rangebound this week. though inflation rate, at 5.25 per cent in the year through november 29, ...

the gilts market saw rangebound trading last week despite banks being flush with liquidity. the market has become cautious as the ...

national insurance co ltd and the state bank of mysore have signed an agreement for undertaking bancassurance business under the ...

the rupee is likely to remain in a range of 45.40-60 against the dollar for this week. the major factor that markets will watch ...

the insurance regulatory development authority (irda) is of the view that the 26 per cent cap on foreign holding in indian joint ...

the insurance regulatory development authority (irda) is likely to turn down the life insurance corporation s (lic) proposal to ...

the non-life insurance industry is facing a downturn and growth in the segment has nosedived to 8.7 per cent in october against ...

vinod rai, additional secretary (banking), ministry of finance, government of india, today warned bankers against the hit that ...

the supreme court (sc) approved the settlement between state-owned state bank of saurashtra sbs and national housing bank nhb ...

amp sanmar, the chennai based joint venture between australia based amp and india s sanmar group, is targeting to achieve 200 per ...

the government is looking at different options for the industrial development bank of india (idbi), including merging it with ...

a local court in the nagercoil district of tamil nadu has restrained tamilnad mercantile bank (tmb) chairman r natarajan from ...

though the small industries development bank of india (sidbi) has sanctioned loans of rs 10,900 crore and disbursed more than rs ...

the gujarat high court on thursday adjourned the hearing of a writ petition filed by the dahod urban co-operative bank ltd ...

a reserve bank of india (rbi) report has highlighted the scope for expansion of credit by banks and financial institutions in ...

indian banks can go global in three ways. they can set shops in most of the important financial centres like new york, tokyo, ...

shareholders of idfc are likely to opt for listing of the company s shares in the board meeting next month as a means of giving ...

kotak bank expects its corporate lending exposure to grow by being a transactional partner to its existing investment banking ...

customisation of technology is increasing the technology cost for the banks in the country. banks also need to have a business ...

the state bank of india (sbi) has decided to close down two schemes targeted at non-resident indians following lukewarm response. ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has advised major domestic banks operating in the international markets to evolve suitable ...

last week in chennai, allahabad bank employees went to the houses of those who had defaulted on the repayment of loans to the ...

the foreign joint venture partner of birla sunlife insurance, sun life financial inc is keen on enhancing its stake in the ...

kotak mahindra bank, india s newest private sector bank, is not looking for any partner for the next two to three years. nor does ...

agricultural insurance company of india (aic) is planning to launch a farm income insurance plan that saves the centre a whopping ...

the big four global consultants have received mandates from foreign commercial and investment bankers and private equity funds ...

the plastic money culture seems to be spreading fast if the total transaction volumes through cards (both debit and credit) in ...

come january, borrowers will have something to cheer about. depending on the cost of funds and provisioning requirements, the ...

sbi life insurance expects about one-third of its gross premium income to be generated by the bancassurance distribution channel ...

the operating environment for indian banks remains difficult though the business climate has improved significantly, ...

the hongkong and shanghai banking corporation (hsbc) is learnt to have informed the reserve bank of india that hsbc holdings plc, ...

to achieve higher return on their investments in the falling interest rate regime, insurance companies should have extra planning ...

corporate lending by the country s largest financial institution, the life insurance corporation of india (lic), has risen by ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) has broad-based its children plans to offer greater flexibility to policyholders. ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is working on introducing micro insurance policies with small premiums ...

the reserve bank of india has bestowed the status of non-resident indians (nris) under fema to indian students studying abroad. ...

there was no much action in the bonds market and, consequently, the spread between the five year triple a corporate bonds and the ...

vijaya bank is keen on acquiring a north-based bank to enhance its presence and network in the region, according to chairman and ...

liquidity levels ruled comfortable throughout last week, with interbank call rates ruling in the range of 4.2-4.4 per cent.

government securities yields are expected to see a gradual rally this week with no major outfows expected and abundant liquidity ...

housing finance major housing development finance corporation (hdfc) has cut interest rates on deposits by 25 basis points (one ...

liquidity will not be a worry for market players this week. with no major outflows expected from the market, players might find a ...

gv nageswara rao, the current managing director of idbi capital markets services, is likely to take over as the new managing ...

the financial intelligence unit (fiu) of the mauritius government has sounded out the indian government on having a coordinated ...

surat police arrested harendrasinh himmatsinh parmar, director of the beleaguered suryapur co-operative bank ltd, on wednesday, ...

the landscape of banking in india may undergo a sea change. ncr corporation today launched the first ever automated teller ...

the aggregate debt turnover on the national stock exchange (nse) crossed rs 10 trillion mark in the first eight months of fiscal ...

the reserve bank of india signalled an upward bias in interest rates after it announced a cut-off yield of 6.26 per cent at the ...

commercial banks have moved the finance ministry seeking the help of the north block to put pressure on public sector ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked all debt market participants to coax corporates to list their bonds and debentures for ...

an old agreement that binds the food corporation of india (fci) to borrow money only from the state bank of india (sbi) led ...

india, china and taiwan are today the key drivers of growth in global insurance premium income among emerging markets, according ...

sabre capital has put its plans for forming an asset management company in association with former alliance capital s head of ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) wants to buy uti out of uti bank. this is despite hsbc having picked up a 14.71 per ...

sbi life insurance company ltd today announced an interim bonus of 4 per cent on its pension policy sbi life lifelong pensions. ...

m b n rao has assumed charge as the chairman and managing director of indian bank today. he has been the executive director of ...

according to latest figures available from the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda), private sector life ...

regional rural banks (rrbs) share in rural credit is not commensurate with their branch network, according to ranjana kumar, the ...

there has been a rising incidence of product contamination in india with recent examples and controversies surrounding coca cola, ...

the major stakeholders in uti bank unit trust of india, the life insurance corporation of india (lic) and general insurance ...

abn amro bank has abn amro bank has introduced a working capital concept, which will balance risk and efficiency across the ...

indusind bank has received an in-principle approval from the bank board to take over ashok leyland finance a part of the ...

in a new twist to the ongoing tamilnad mercantile bank saga, the two nadar community associations the nadar mahajana sangam and ...

hsbc today bought the entire 20.08 per cent stake of cdc capital partners in uti bank. in the second stage, hsbc will make an ...

bank of rajasthan plans to set up more branches in madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh. new branches will be opened in raipur, ...

despite the strong rally in stock market, life insurance corporation of india (lic) has decided not invest the varishtha bima ...

the state-owned bank of maharastra is expected hit the market with a rs 250-275 crore public issue during january-february 2004. ...

international rating agency standard poor s ratings services today revised pakistan s outlook on long-term sovereign credit ...

abn amro bank has ruled out acquisition as a means of growth unless the government comes out with greater clarity on regulations ...

the banking system s liabilities exceed their maturing assets by around 17 per cent over a three year horizon and securitisation ...

global trust bank (gtb) is planning to appoint the city-based m bhaskara rao co as statutory auditor in place of ...

the recent sacking and subsequent reinstatement of the chairman of the nadar community-controlled tuticorin-based tamilnad ...

global bankers are flocking to india. on monday alone, four top global bankers are visiting mumbai, the country s financial ...

trading in the gilts market will be weak as the rising inflation rate will be a cause for concern for market participants. yields ...

trading in the corporate bond market will continue to be lacklustre, notwithstanding the fact that the reserve bank of india and ...

sentiment in the government securities market was adversely affected towards the close of last week on account of a ...

dealers expect a new trading zone for the indian currency during this week, at 45.85-46.00 against the dollar, as foreign ...

a majority of the 350 co-operative banks in the state are still unaware of the laws related to recovery and seizures of assets of ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) has written to the ministry of finance and to the insurance regulatory and ...

ifci ltd is contemplating transferring non performing assets of around rs 500 crore to asset care enterprises (ace) ltd, the ...

the reserve bank of india is in the process of fine-tuning the liquidity adjustment facility (laf) to make it a more flexible ...

union bank of india (ubi) today launched four new products in hyderabad region. the products are union suraksha, union bill pay, ...

the proposed implementation of realtime gross settlement (rtgs) system shortly by the reserve bank will have a negative impact on ...

the indian banks association (iba) has finalised four broad parameters for calculation of benchmark prime lending rate (bplr) ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) has begun a country-wide exercise to upgrade existing technology and to provide a ...

reserve bank of india (rbi) governor y v reddy said the state governments, banks and the rbi should jointly evolve a policy in ...

bank of baroda is planning to shortly tap the debt mart for raising rs 600 crore via an unsecured subordinated debt (tier-ii) ...

indusind bank is looking to take over non-banking finance companies (nbfcs). the bank s board is meeting on december 2 to discuss ...

corporate defaults in terms of pre-shipment and post-shipment credit has taken a heavy toll on the export credit guarantee ...

the decision of the reserve bank of india (rbi) to examine afresh external commercial borrowing (ecb) proposals that were ...

bankers feel that with the global outlook on interest rates turning stable from soft , there is no reason why indian rates ...

kakathiya grameena bank(kgb), the first regional rural bank (rrb) to have computerised all its branches and its operations among ...

state bank of india is planning to offer private banking, a domain till now restricted to foreign banks such as hsbc, abn amro ...

bank of india (boi) has decided to reduce its prime lending rate by 50 basis points to 11 per cent with effect from december 1, ...

united bank of india (ubi) has all but formally shelved its plans for an initial public offering (ipo) as it would involve an ...

sbi life insurance company has received approval from the central provident fund commissioner to offer group life cover to ...

state bank of india (sbi) is considering a foray into derivatives. according to sources close to the development, the bank will ...

icici prudential life insurance, after posting a 100 per cent growth in premium income from new policies, today said it will hike ...

the life insurance industry is shifting away from guaranteeing premium rates on critical illness riders to regularly reviewing ...

the corporate bond market will continue to remain inactive till the reserve bank of india (rbi) specifies that investments in ...

liquidity will be abundant in the system as there are no major outflows slated this week. however, this factor alone will not be ...

global trust bank (gtb) has initiated talks with the development bank of singapore (dbs) and the commonwealth bank of australia ...

demand from the centre for interim dividend from public sector banks (psbs) by the end of the third quarter is expected fuel a ...

the state bank of india (sbi) may ask the madhya pradesh government to pay over rs 300 crore against bad loans, guaranteed ...

the securitisation and the nascent asset reconstruction markets have come to a grinding halt following the reserve bank of ...

prudential plc is eyeing bigger investments in india. the world is changing its views on india now. we have been seeing growth ...

the outlook for the spot rupee is cautious as the market is undecided on the direction the local currency will take. this follows ...

the 11th debt recovery lok adalat has announced that 11 cases involving rs 1 crore have been settled at its recent meeting in the ...

the union government is likely to rake in almost rs 1,500 crore interim dividend in 2003-04 from public sector banks, if they ...

rising salaries, falling interest rates and increasing possibility of voluntary retirement have seen a major shift in corporate ...

ranjana kumar today assumed charge as chairperson of the national bank for agriculture and rural development (nabard). prior to ...

after a long time, the reserve bank of india (rbi) today sold spot dollars in the foreign exchange market to stem the rupee s ...

the industrial bank of india (idbi) has come down heavily on the accounting practices of the hyderabad-based sri vasavi ...

the north gujarat zone of bank of baroda targets a 20 per cent increase in core deposits by the end of the current fiscal year. ...

recent weakness in the rupee cannot be termed volatility, a top indian central banker said on friday, causing the rupee to ease ...

after lowering the interest rates on home loans, icici bank has organised a three-day property show from friday in the city to ...

in an attempt to shore up its non-tax revenues, the centre has now asked public sector banks to pay interim dividends. the centre ...

the state minister of state for home, amit shah, on thursday assured fast action on cases pertaining to various co-operative ...

the reserve bank of india has constituted a standing technical advisory committee on financial regulation to strengthen the ...

bank chairmen failed to reach a consensus over the formulation of a single benchmark prime lending rate (plr) at their meeting ...

bank of baroda will strengthen its rural financing programme through self help groups, which has been a success in gujarat as the ...

in the falling interest rate scenario, the life insurance corporation of india (lic) expects secondary market operations to add ...

importers have started covering their uncovered foreign exchange exposures, even as the rupee depreciated to 45.78 against a ...

idbi bank is likely to remain headless for some time, till the parent industrial development bank of india (idbi) takes a ...

centurion bank is rejigging its plan for infusion of foreign funds by using both foreign direct investment (fdi) as well as ...

the net non-performing assets of the 18 listed public sector banks declined by rs 4,554 crore (23 per cent of their total net ...

the government has clarified that at the current moment it has not taken any decision to reduce the cap on the holdings of ...

the state bank of hyderabad (sbh) has recorded a 45.23 per cent increase in net profit at rs 147.55 crore for the half-year ended ...

the centre has proposed radical changes in the guidelines for co-operative banks, which, if passed by the parliament, will unseat ...

the reserve bank of india is considering allowing intraday repo facility for banks before the pilot run of the real time gross ...

major differences between the reserve bank of india (rbi), the government and non-banking finance companies has been ironed out ...

icici lombard general insurance has introduced an overseas travel cover for senior citizens aged between 71 years and 85 years ...

banks have suggested to the reserve bank of india (rbi) that the investment fluctuation reserve (ifr) norms be linked with the ...

banks in india will leapfrog ahead of their counterparts in europe by around 10 years once the implementation of the core banking ...

improved retail finance helped the bhavnagar-based state bank of saurashtra (sbs) register a 150.18 per cent increase in its net ...

the return on assets (i.e. the ratio of net profit to total assets) of scheduled commercial banks (scbs) at one per cent in ...

the gross non-performing assets (npas) of scheduled commercial banks have declined to rs 68,714 crore or 8.8 per cent for fiscal ...

the spate of scams involving urban co-operative banks has made the reserve bank of india (rbi) circumspect about granting ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has warned banks against any complacency on account of higher profits they have been posting as ...

international liabilities of banks in 2002-03 increased by 17 per cent (rs 29,157 crore) to rs 2,00,493 crore, partly driven by ...

non-slr investments by banks have gone up by 14.63 per cent to rs 92,854 core during 2002-03 as against rs 81,000 crore for the ...

bank credit to medium and large industries have risen around three times in fiscal 2003 to rs 28,011 crore against rs 9,487 crore ...

union minister of state for finance anandrao adsul today said industrial development bank of india will be merged into idbi bank ...

government securities are expected to be bearish this week. players expect the 10-year gilt to quote around 5.09-5.15 per cent ...

the corporate bond market continues to be illiquid with the ban on brokers on the national stock exchange from trading in ...

call rates began at 4.4-4.5 per cent on last monday due to lack of demand and ample liquidity in the system. the daily average at ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) will clarify this week that listed companies issuing bonds will have to list ...

the world bank today announced that it is exploring the possibilities of expanding its back office processing work in chennai ...

punjab sind bank has convened an emergency board meeting on monday to discuss various alternatives to run the bank ...

dealers expect the spot rupee to rule in the 45.35-45.40 band this week. they expect the sustained support by the central bank ...

some private sector banks are dumping parts of their unlisted corporate debenture portfolios in panic to their insurance arms. ...

the reserve bank of india is likely to exclude banks investment in open ended 100 per cent debt funds from the 20 per cent limit ...

om kotak mahindra life insurance has grossed rs 25-50 lakh from high net worth individuals for its unit-linked offering kotak ...

public accounts committee (pac) member kirit somaiya has sought the formation of special cells by the comptroller and auditor ...

corporates looking at taking bank guarantees to raise external commercial borrowings (ecbs) will be hit by the new ecb guidelines ...

the reserve bank of india has included rupee funds raised under reciprocal line facility under the prudential limits specified ...

public sector banks (psbs) have been sounded out to take over the loan portfolio pertaining to 12 co-operative sugar factories ...

the international finance corporation (ifc), the private investment arm of the world bank, is planning to hike its investments in ...

the dakshina kannada goveernment employees co-operative bank will celebrate its 85 years of achievements and inaugurate its ...

state bank of travancore (sbt) is opening their pilgrim banking centres at sannidhanam and pamba to facilitate the banking ...

the federation of indian hire purchase associations (fihpa) has decided to set up a self regulatory organisation (sro) that will ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today said the revised norms for banks investment in corporate bonds would apply only to fresh ...

euronet worldwide is looking at making india the processing hub for its asia- pacific operations. euronet operates in the country ...

listing agreements for bonds and debentures are likely to be reviewed to confirm to the new disclosure norms laid out by the ...

the national housing bank (nhb) today extended the provisions of the securitisation and reconstruction of financial assets and ...

state bank of india (sbi) has slashed interest rates on advances to small scale industries (ssis) and small businesses by 75 ...

gideon du plessis failed in the 10th standard and never went to college. he is today the highest earning insurance agent in the ...

most banks and primary dealers (pds) are sitting tight on cash rather instead of investing in government securities following the ...

banks eyeing to take stake in nationalised banks will now see competition from private insurers, which are equally on the prowl ...

part-time directors of state-owned banks financial institutions need no longer complain about their remuneration being inferior ...

as many as 14 chairmen in 18 public sector undertaking (psu) banks are set to retire or see their term expire in the next two ...

the interest rate war on home loans refuses to die down. icici bank today dropped its floating home loan rates by 25 to 50 basis ...

sbi life insurance expects its bancassurance channel to be its prime driver of growth as it plans to earn 75 per cent of its ...

the global insurance industry, of late, has witnessed downgrades and this is expected to reflect on the domestic market as well. ...

brain drain from india is expected to reduce in the near future as employment opportunities and remunerations get better in ...

state government undertakings have found a way around the recent securities and exchange board of india (sebi) diktat barring ...

the reserve bank of india has raised objections to industrial development bank of india s proposal to raise $500 million through ...

yields on government securities eased by four to five basis points last week despite there being no goodies (read rate cuts) in ...

in what is expected to breathe life back into the currently illiquid rs 160,000 crore unlisted corporate bond market, the reserve ...

the thrissur-based dhanalakshmi bank ltd, which is the official banker of the travancore devaswom board, will open seasonal ...

the problem of liquidity, which had hit the market a week back, seems to be over and this week will see copious inflows on the ...

gilts will move in a rangebound manner with the 10-year benchmark paper ruling around 5.03-5.10 percent.

corporate bonds will continue to be lacklustre week till the regulators, sebi and rbi, clarify their stance on corporate bond ...

the crisil centre for economic research has forecast rupee to depreciate to 45.46 to a dollar by the year end while the interest ...

icici bank, citifinancial retail services india and mas financial services have stopped directly financing consumer durables, say ...

union minister of state for finance anandrao adsul today expressed concern at the reluctance of maharashtra government to chip in ...

a reserve bank of india (rbi)-constituted group on micro finance has pushed for the creation of an autonomous and ...

srei international finance ltd plans to float a rs 100 crore venture capital fund to finance small and medium scale ...

the fate of 14 sugar co-operative factories in the state is in jeopardy following cancellation of the banking licence of the ...

state bank of india (sbi) has dropped interest rates on deposits by 25 to 50 basis points, aligning them to the rest of the ...

in a major boost for foreign banks, the reserve bank of india today announced that foreign banks operating in india will be ...

the reserve bank of india today said non-bank participants will be allowed to lend, on average in a reporting fortnight, up to 60 ...

larger foreign banks which are operating in india are expected to seek a greater market share which would be aided by benign ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) on wednesday pulled the plug on the stockinvest scheme, introduced with much fanfare in the last ...

with the sensex and investor enthusiasm reaching new peaks, banks providing demat accounts in the states are doing brisk ...

the wholesale debt market (wdm) segment on the national stock exchange (nse) had reported turnover growth of 35.1 per cent to rs ...

state bank of travancore (sbt) has fully computerised all the 34 branches in thiruvananthapuram city with a view to enhancing its ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked all banks to speed-up disposal of applications for education loans of up to rs 4 lakh ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) with the approval of the government of india, has reduced the deposit and lending rates under the ...

ing vysya financial services ltd on wednesday announced that royal sundaram alliance insurance company ltd will be its non-life ...

the domestic insurance players could soon see themselves being downgraded as has been the case of many leading global players by ...

bank of india s visakhapatnam zone, which has jurisdiction over seven districts from guntur to srikakulam, earned a net profit of ...

officials at the sick co-operative bank of ahmedabad are scheduled to approach the reserve bank of india (rbi) with a revival ...

corporation bank has been observing vigilance awareness week from november 3. the programme will conclude on november 8. in this ...

a five member international monetary fund (imf) team will be visiting the indian banks association (iba) tomorrow to carry out ...

hsbc plans to move up the value chain by relocating new jobs to the country. the foreign bank could make india the hub for ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) might have decided against lowering the bank rate, but half-a-dozen banks and housing finance ...

even a year-and-a-half after the dismantling of the administered pricing mechanism (apm) in the petroleum sector, the oil pool ...

in an attempt to check false claims by insurance companies, insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) is finalising ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) asked banks to ensure that all foreign currency loans to corporates exceeding $10 million are ...

cesc ltd, the rpg enterprises-owned power utility, is raising funds through fixed deposits at a coupon rate of rs 10.5 per cent, ...

confederation of indian industry (cii) on monday welcomed the new rbi governor s maiden credit policy stating it as a carefully ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has kept the bank rate and the cash reserve ratio (crr) unchanged at the current levels of 6 per ...

contra indications such as the slowdown in the global economy and the robust outlook of the indian economy have queered the ...

the measures announced by the reserve bank of india (rbi) in the april 2003 review of the monetary credit policy was aimed ...

while the reserve bank of india (rbi) seems to be worried about the sluggishness in credit offtake, banks on their part have also ...

the andhra pradesh state co-operative urban banks federation (apscubf) started the first batch of training programme for diploma ...

bankers are peeved at the reserve bank of india (rbi) governor yaga venugopal reddy for not calling the conventional pre-credit ...

the reserve bank of india has extended the validity of the reduction of interest rates on preshipment rupee export credit up to ...

on the eve of the busy season credit policy, n s sisodia, secretary (banking and insurance), today said lower interest rates will ...

corporation bank has reported a 22.1 per cent increase in net profit at rs 144.94 crore for the second quarter ended september ...

bank of baroda (bob) has posted a 89.16 per cent rise in net profit in the second quarter ended september 30, 2003 to rs 259.56 ...

icici bank has reported a 40.64 per cent rise in net profit in the second quarter ended september 30 to rs 401.40 crore as ...

state bank of india has reported a 20.99 per cent increase in net profit for the second quarter ended september 30 to rs 988.74 ...

the karur-based lakshmi vilas bank (lvb) today said that it had entered into a bancassurance agreement with chennai based royal ...

the appointment committee for selecting bank chiefs has decided to recommend the appointment of ak khandelwal, executive director ...

inter-bank call money rates, which were ruling around 6-7 per cent for the last three consecutive days, today closed at 3.5 per ...

in supersession of its earlier instructions, rbi on thursday clarified that the nbfcs can accept repatriable deposits from ...

syndicate bank has reduced its interest rates on home loans by 25 basis points for fixed rate loans and 50 basis points for ...

after posting losses for 11 years in a row, kolkata-based uco bank has wiped the slate clean, boasting of a net profit of rs 207 ...

the uk-based banking and financial services giant, abbey national which marked its exit from india by offloading its 35 per cent ...

the industrial development bank of india (idbi) has shown a 8.69 per cent rise in net profit in the second quarter ended ...

the supreme court directed the reserve bank of india (rbi) to cancel the licence of the apex co-operative bank of urban banks of ...

the credit deposit (cd) ratio of commercial banks in orissa has shown signs of improvement though it still hovers below the mark ...

hundreds of depositors of the troubled sabarmati co-operative bank are staging a protest for the past two days, demanding their ...

the jaipur-based bank of rajasthan (bor) is targeting a net worth of rs 500 crore from the present rs 300 crore. the bank is also ...

the rising jump in pre-payment of home loans as a fall-out of refinancing at lower interest rates will drive issuance of ...

bank of india (boi) has posted a 16.62 per cent rise in net profit for the second quarter ended september 30, 2003, at rs 226.76 ...

deutsche bank is revamping its business strategy in india. the bank, which thus far only dealt with a handful of top corporates, ...

punjab national bank (pnb) on wednesday reported a 42.56 per cent growth in second-quarter net profit at rs 299.76 crore compared ...

canara bank has posted a 39 per cent growth in net profit for the first half at rs 581 crore, compared with rs 418 crore in the ...

andhra bank, which is among the few public sector banks to computerise all branches, has initiated steps to introduce ...

a movement to financially secure the rural women today began in uttaranchal with the setting up of a women co-operative bank at ...

the government will not push for a reverse merger of industrial development bank of india with its subsidiary idbi bank as the ...

the state bank of bikaner and jaipur (sbbj) plans to improve its marketshare in rajasthan. we plan to increase our business by ...

in the age of pink slips, dewan housing finance (dhfl) has introduced a unique product dhfl sampoorna rakshak which will ...

the kolkata-based uco bank is set to tie up with rabobank to fund contract farming. a memorandum of understanding (mou) to this ...

andhra bank has recorded a 100 per cent jump in net profit at rs 136.98 crore for the second quarter of the current fiscal, as ...

bank of bahrain and kuwait (bbk), currently operating in india through two branches at mumbai and hyderabad, is on an expansion ...

foreign exchange dealers association of india (fedai) is set to review the model code of conduct for foreign exchange ...

the finance ministry has cleared the voluntary retirement scheme (vrs) for class i, iii and iv employees of the four public ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi), in its revised draft guidelines, has directed that banks fresh investments in non-statutory ...

standard poor s (s p) ratings services today affirmed the credit ratings of indian s leading banks so far as its ...

the chennai-based bharat overseas bank (bobl), which is owned by seven banks, plans to go for a tier-ii capital of rs 20 crore ...

the reserve bank of india has announced a higher cut-off yield of 5.54 per cent for the 5.68 per cent 15-year government stock ...

bankers around the globe are waking up to the india story. they have been talking about india s huge middle class and the ...

the spot rupee is expected to rule in the range of 45.20-40 to the us dollar on the back of moderate foreign exchange inflows. ...

the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) norms banning brokers of the national stock exchange from trading in unlisted ...

inflows and outflows more or less matched this week. there is not much demand for funds and players with surplus cash are finding ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) has shelved its plan to launch a credit-cum-debit-card since corporatisation is high on ...

in what is being viewed as a strategy to increase its reach further, life insurance corporation (lic) is delegating powers to its ...

the optional early retirement scheme (oers) floated by the reserve bank of india (rbi) for its employees has been a success. rbi ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) intends to pare management costs by more than half and meet international levels of ...

icici bank has securitised the largest tranche of mortgage loans of rs 364 crore, taking the tally of securitised loans to around ...

vijaya bank net profit for the half year ended september 30, 2003 has grown by a stupendous 125.18 per cent to rs.176.79 crore ...

the management of life insurance corporation of india (lic) met here today to deliberate on the recommendations put forth by ...

ifci ltd sold 1 per cent of its holding in lic housing finance ltd (lichfl) last week in the open market, booking profits as the ...

karnataka bank has a new credit product named kbl vahana mithra for purchase of new vehicles like rickshaw, jeep, car, maxi cab, ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today conducted yet another open market operation (omo) on thursday, when it sold 4.83 per cent ...

dena bank has reported a 736.2 per cent growth in profit after tax to rs 100.26 crore for the first half ended september 30, ...

indian banks should increasingly focus on fee-based advisory services, which will call for more sophisticated skill set on part ...

western union financial services, a global leader in money transfer services, and private sector karnataka bank today jointly ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) continues to be the big daddy in advertising spends, accounting for over 50 per ...

the public sector banks now want to take the fight back to the turf of private sector banks. bank of baroda (bob) is planning to ...

the kolkata office of the reserve bank of india cleared 34,79,335 cheques during september 2003. the total value of the cheques ...

karnataka bank has launched a credit product , kbl insta cash, for consumption purposes. under the scheme, the loan amount ranges ...

state bank of hyderabad (sbh) has donated an ambulance at a cost of rs 5.8 lakh to to the ap chapter of red cross indian society. ...

development credit bank (dcb) is offering stakes to warburg pincus, the global private equity fund, and amp fund of australia ...

moody s investors service today placed on review for upgrade the ba1 foreign currency debt ratings of power finance corporation ...

though the recovery process at the scam-tainted madhavpura mercantile co-operative bank (mmcb) started one year back, it has so ...

icici lombard has cornered the largest market share among private sector non-life insurance companies in the first half of ...

banks and housing finance companies are planning to flood the home loan market with new structured products to take on abn amro ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will conduct yet another open market operation (omo) for rs 1,000 crore on october 27 for the ...

the demand for trusteeship services is increasing in india. as the nouveau rich fear their offsprings squandering the accumulated ...

abn amro bank offered the lowest interest rate on housing loans at 6 per cent in the first year and 6.5 per cent in the second, ...

the credit rating information services of india limited (crisil) reported a total income of rs 18.21 crore, reflecting a 4.3 per ...

syndicate bank has recorded a 50.8 per cent growth in net profit at rs 216 crore and a 11.6 per cent growth in total income at rs ...

net profit of indian overseas bank has jumped 76 per cent to rs 154.62 crore for the quarter ended 30 september 2003, as compared ...

foreign funds have shown interest in taking over the debts and giving fresh loans to companies whose debt has been restructured ...

volumes in the treasury bill (t-bill) secondary market have shot up to rs 150-300 crore as foreign institutional investors (fiis) ...

the state co-operative banks need a level playing field for better lending to agricultural sector, said dasaradha janardhan, the ...

the net profit of union bank of india jumped (ubi) 82.80 per cent to rs 170 crore in the second quarter ended september 2003 ...

there is a division among public sector banks on the issue of taking action against public sector companies under the ...

asset care enterprises (ace), an asset reconstruction company promoted by ifci ltd and punjab national bank, became the second ...

mutual funds are making an aggressive pitch to mop up non-resident indian (nri) funds even as the reserve bank of india has once ...

there will continue to be liquidity surplus in the system in the region of rs 10,000-15,000 crore, primarily on the back of ...

powered by the reserve bank of india s (rbi) instructions to expedite recoveries, the madhavpura mercantile co-operative bank ...

the rupee is likely to move in a range of 45.20 to 45.45 per dollar this week. the main factors which would determine the range ...

the government securities market is expected to see rangebound trading this week. the market had rallied last week with the ...

expectations of a rate cut saw the benchmark 10-year paper pierce the five per cent mark for the first time last week to touch a ...

lenders to the punjab state hosiery development corporation served a notice to the punjab government to freeze its accounts ...

hsbc bank has decided to shift as many has 4,000 jobs from the uk, a major chunk of which will be relocated to its hyderabad and ...

the board of dena bank will meet on october 23 to consider a second public issue of shares to capitalise on the bull run in the ...

uti bank has reported a 45.30 per cent rise in net profit for the second quarter ended september 30,2003 to rs 64.18 crore ...

global rating agency moody s investors service today placed india s ba1 ceiling for foreign currency debt on review for possible ...

after shelving its co-branded credit card in association with standard chartered bank sometime back, syndicate bank is now ready ...

the four public sector non-life insurance companies have clocked a total premium income of rs 6,771.87 crore for the first half ...

the 40-basis point reduction in the interest rates for refinance by the national housing bank (nhb) yesterday is likely to ...

icici bank has raised $300 million through an eurobonds issue. the issue was oversubscribed five times or by over $1.5 billion. ...

a chairman-less allahabad bank (allbank) has posted a 110.7 per cent growth in net profit at rs 75.90 crore for the second ...

finance secretary d c gupta today said that the government will consider issuing long-term government securities if there was ...

the life insurance corporation (lic) today demanded restoration of tax benefits on single-premium policies which are taxed by the ...

icici bank has put ifci on notice under section 434 of companies act for rs 34 crore. ifci has informed the stock exchanges that ...

a restructuring exercise for ailing ifci ltd is in the works with the institution clearing a voluntary retirement scheme for ...

after putting its initial public offer (ipo) on the backburner for over a year, bank of maharashtra (bom) has revived plans to ...

the andhra pradesh state cooperative urban banks federation organised a workshop on implications and consequences of banking ...

bangalore-based vijaya bank is targeting to take its net non-performing assets below one per cent levels, that too on an expanded ...

the chennai-based ashok leyland finance (alf) part of the hinduja group has floated a 100 per cent owned insurance broking ...

the rupee fell 0.66 per cent (30 paise) today, ending a month-long run that had taken it to rs 45.26 27 a dollar last thursday. ...

lack of long-term papers, lack of clarity about the role of intermediaries and taxation issues have been identified as major ...

housing development finance corporation (hdfc) has reported a 21.59 per cent increase in net profit for the second quarter ending ...

the state bank of india (sbi) is fine-tuning its organisational structure. it is planning to close its fully owned subsidiary, ...

accretion to non-resident external (nre) deposits was down by almost 50 per cent at $495 million in july as against $1 billion in ...

the rupee has been getting a premium against the dollar in the non-deliverable forwards (ndf) market since the past one week an ...

the thirteen life insurers in the country put together could earn a first year insurance premium of rs 4,334 crore for the five ...

the government securities market is expected to swing between buoyant and rangebound trading on expectations of a repo rate cut. ...

the usual comfort in the money market as regards liquidity could be in for a change this week. a system that used to see an ...

yields on corporate bonds, which came off by almost 20 basis points last week, could soften by about five basis points this week ...

the rupee is likely to trade in a range of 45.25-45.50 per dollar this week. the market is looking at how the reserve bank of ...

buoyed by expectations of a repo rate cut, the benchmark 10-year gilt hit a lifetime trough of 5.0217 per cent last thursday as ...

the combination of the reserve bank of india s aggressive dollar buying in the spot market and a strong outlook on the future of ...

union minister of state for banking and finance anandrao adsul said the restructuring of idbi will be better facilitated if the ...

hdfc bank has reported a 30.6 per cent rise in net profit for the second quarter of fiscal 2004 to rs 117.1 crore against rs ...

idfc has reported a 95 per cent jump in its disbursements at rs 1,069 crore in the first half of fy04 against rs 547 crore in the ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) governor y v reddy will unveil the mid-term review of credit and monetary policy on november 3. ...

the sale of government securities by the reserve bank of india (rbi) through open market operation had its desired impact with ...

commercial banks would find it very difficult to provide more long-term finance to the corporate sector as high fiscal deficit is ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) stemmed the liquidity driven slide in government securities yields by announcing that it will ...

the supreme court yesterday declared that citibank was entitled to restitution of the total amount paid by it to standard ...

the bangalore-headquartered canara bank has firmed up plans to open a representative office in shanghai. it is also planning a ...

after tightening interest rates on repatriable non-resident external rupee (nre) deposits and dollar deposits (fcnr-b) to kill ...

the aggregate net profit of 600 companies, which have been assisted by the industrial development bank of india (idbi), has ...

abn amro sees the indian rupee strengthening to 43.20 against a dollar on a one-year horizon. in a similar time-frame, stanchart ...

the state bank of india (sbi) today entered into one of the biggest atm sharing arrangement with two private banks, hdfc bank and ...

the government s relentless push for agriculture loans notwithstanding, the nodal bank, the national bank of agriculture and ...

as much as 21.5 per cent of icici bank s loans were restructured in 2003 and if it is unable to reduce the level of impaired ...

credit rating agency crisil has introduced rating outlooks on ratings of long term instruments and fixed deposits floated by ...

a federation of the urban co-operative banks in the saurashtra and kutch regions was formed on monday in a bid to give a boost to ...

bangalore-based vijaya bank plans to merge its housing loan subsidiary, vibank housing finance, with self with a view to give a ...

the state bank of india (sbi) and its subsidiaries are going all out to mop up deposits from the redemption of resurgent india ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) continues to retain more than 95 per cent share of the group insurance business. ...

the exit of ajay bhimbet from idbi bank as its acting ceo and retail chief has virtually wiped out the bank s senior management ...

the share capital of grade ii, iii and iv urban co-operative banks could be seriously eroded as member-shareholders are likely to ...

yields on government securities softened by about 10 basis points last week as the centre cut its borrowing programme by rs ...

prices of government securities are expected to drift lower this week following the slight rise in inflation to 4.72 per cent and ...

the indian rupee today gained 17 paise to close at a new three-year closing high of 45.3850 3950 to the dollar, even though ...

state bank of india, is tying up with two private sector peers, hdfc bank and icici bank, for bilateral sharing the atm network. ...

after ushering in a clean-note policy, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has embarked on yet another project that will see surplus ...

acclamation poured for the former governor of reserve bank of india (rbi) bimal jalan on thursday from a room full of commercial ...

bank of maharashtra (bom) will invest over rs 150 crore in gujarat over the next three years to upgrade technology and increase ...

the rupee on wednesday closed at a 37-month high of 45.5575 5675 per dollar, gaining 27 paise during the day as the central bank ...

the new india assurance company, the largest non-life insurance company in the country, has recorded a 11.64 per cent growth in ...

tata finance ltd has received the highest credit rating of aaa (so) from crisil for the securitisation of its commercial vehicle ...

kotak mahindra bank will serve as a platform for the group to promote its other financial services such as retail finance, stock ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has recommended enacting of credit information bureau regulation act to have an umbrella ...

the country s external debt has increased by 4.8 per cent or $ 5 billion to $109.6 billion as on june end 2003 from $ 104.6 ...

in a bid to enhance credit flow to the rural sector, united bank of india (ubi) has tied up with eicher motors and larsen ...

retail lending will account for 50 per cent of the total advances of vijaya bank by march 2005, according to m s kapur, the ...

reserve bank of india deputy governor rakesh mohan today said depreciation of the dollar will affect the exports of developing ...

bank of india (boi) has sold 45 lakh shares of silverline technologies, that were pledged to the bank, at an average rs 8 over ...

in what could become a trend of sorts, andhra bank is contemplating revising its business growth targets downward for the current ...

a significant change has taken place in the credit card market pecking order. icici bank has now become the second largest issuer ...

following an aggressive clean-up operation, global trust bank is likely to post a net loss of rs 100-150 crore for the year ended ...

vijaya bank is seeking to double its business to rs 43,000 crore by march-end 2005 even as it is open to acquiring a north-based ...

four consultants mckinsey co, ibm, pricewaterhousecoopers and tata consultancy services will make presentations to ...

hdfc bank is planning to double the number of branches offering advisory services to 28 over the next 18 months with a view to ...

corporate bonds remained lacklustre for most part of the week but picked up towards the end. the spread between aaa five-year ...

public sector banks (psbs) have paid advance tax of around rs 3,125 crore for the second quarter of the current fiscal, 25 per ...

the market is braced for a rally given that the inflation rate is likely to rule benign and the auction calendar for the second ...

the gilts market opened on a bullish note, but prices fell as repo subscriptions soared, which, in turn, sparked off liquidity ...

about 1,000 employess opted for uti mutual fund s voluntary separation scheme (vss) which closed today. uti mutual fund currently ...

the spot rupee is likely to be traded in the 45.70-85 range against the dollar this week. while the market may take a cautious ...

n s sisodia, secretary (banking and insurance), union ministry of finance and company affairs, came down heavily on banks for not ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) will convene a meeting of banks before this year-end to assess implications of implementing of ...

state bank of india s (sbi) capital position is comfortable to support its risk-weighted assets under the new basel capital ...

hdfc bank today ruled out mergers and acquisitions for the moment and said it planned to grow by 25-30 per cent over the next ...

citigroup welcomes competition on indian turf. it is not averse to acquiring a bank if the right combination right price with a ...

when co-operative banks are viewed pessimistically in most places of gujarat, banks in the saurashtra and kutch regions have ...

punjab national bank (pnb) is eyeing a higher stake in everest bank of nepal on the strength of its success in turning around the ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today permitted foreign nationals to become an appointed actuary of a ...

canara bank today launched its mahila banking branch in chennai. mahila banking branch will exclusively finance women ...

the banking industry has started launching new products and raising interest rates on non-resident indian (nri) deposits to ...

bank of new york is looking at cross-border custody and fund administration for the mutual fund and pension business as and when ...

india s could be assigned a 50 per cent sovereign risk weight under the new basel capital accord (basel ii) instead of the 100 ...

in yet another move on current account liberalisation, the reserve bank of india today said the balances in the export earners ...

the peerless general finance investment company ltd (pgficl) has firmed up plans to invest in the capital market as it has ...

interest rate futures is set to be relaunched with the joint initiative of the reserve bank of india (rbi), securities and ...

the government has asked public sector general insurers to focus on improving their underwriting performance, reducing management ...

reserve bank of india governor y venugopal reddy on sunday told the international monetary and financial committee of the ...

export-import bank of india (exim bank) is aiming at rs 275-crore disbursements in andhra pradesh during the current financial ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has allowed banks to allow funds transfer from one customer s account to another customer s ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has asked all urban co-operative banks (ucbs) having aggregate time and demand liabilities of rs ...

banks have started offering rupee loans at below prime lending rates (plr) on a large scale as foreign currency loans are ...

the proposed new private sector bank, yesbank, being set up by the consortium of rabobank netherlands, ashok kapur and rana ...

indian iron and steel company ltd ( iisco), a subsidiary of steel authority of india ltd (sail), is floating a rs150 crore bond ...

state bank of saurashtra (sbs), which has completed 100 years of service, plans to open 15 branches this fiscal, most of which ...

the forex market is apprehending a dollar shortage in the cash market between september end and middle of october in the wake of ...

banks are looking out for alternatives to owning and operating their own atms as the cost of offering the convenience to ...

the union bank of india proposes to come out with a bundled product soon which among other things will offers insurance of rs one ...

the first-ever continuous linked settlement (cls) system for cross currencies, proposed to be set up by the clearing corporation ...

if you are pursuing appointments with some senior executives of companies and mutual funds, september is probably the wrong month ...

banks, which so far had confined their lending to the top tier companies, finally being forced to lend to companies that are not ...

the state bank of india (sbi) is understood to have come out with two products to tap redemption proceeds of resurgent india ...

the revenue department s penchant for seeking blanket customer information from banks under the garb of roving and fishing ...

the international monetary fund (imf) chief economist-designate, raghuram rajan feels big deficits whether india s fiscal ...

the equity bug seems to have bitten the insurers too. to improve its investment returns and hedge against the falling interest ...

allahabad bank may get onkar nath singh, executive director of bank of india (boi), to succeed b samal who retired as the ...

india must bring down the number of administered interest rates to the rock bottom, put in place a bankruptcy law, a transparent ...

in preparation for the imminent redemption of resurgent india bonds (rib), the state bank of india has asked various banks to ...

the city-based adajan nagrik cooperative bank ltd, which suffered heavily in the aftermath of the madhavpura cooperative bank ...

mediclaim, the mass health cover from state-owned general insurance companies, will soon have a competitor priced 20-25 per cent ...

national insurance company aims to topple the country s leading non-life insurer new india assurance company as it heads to ...

the united states aid for international development (usaid) will assist the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) ...

the insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) today issued strict guidelines for life insurance companies regarding ...

the state bank of india (sbi) intends to retain at least 35 per cent of the maturity value of resurgence india bond (rib) as ...

thanks to the turnaround in the steel industry, banks and financial institutions have increased their interest earnings as their ...

the joint parliamentary committee (jpc) wants to include non-banking financial companies (nbfcs) in the ambit of the debt ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is considering a proposal to allow direct membership for primary dealers (pds) in the yet-to-be ...

outgoing reserve bank of india (rbi) governor bimal jalan said the current yields on medium and long-term bonds were low, though ...

a clutch of foreign banks, who have traditionally been borrowers in the overnight call money market, have become lenders of late. ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) today issued licence to arc of india ltd (arcil), floated by icici bank, industrial development ...

blue collar and salaried employees are unlikely to bite the bullet and opt for the proposed pension scheme unless returns offered ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) is seeking reserve bank of india (rbi) permission to retain its holding in idbi bank ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is actively considering a move to abolish the mandatory requirement of having local advisory ...

agricultural lending by banks is poised to get a lift with major banks planning to join to tap the vast network of the post ...

cholamandalam investment and finance company ltd (cifcl) is expected to receive about rs 100 crore as a subordinate loan from ...

apeejay finance ltd (afl) will be going in for its second round of securitisation of receivables to raise around rs 50 crore in ...

icici bank has picked up a 17.75 per cent stake in new delhi television ltd (ndtv). the bank had been issued 3,631,011 equity ...

the beleaguered development financial institution ifci ltd seems to have finally got its act in place, as it seemingly has ...

p p vora, chairman and managing director industrial development bank of india (idbi), has been made chairman of the institution s ...

come january 1, 2004, and life insurance companies can no longer market their policies illustrating more than 10 per cent ...

non-banking finance companies (nbfcs) are likely to be permitted soon to either set up asset reconstruction companies (arcs) or ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has taken a quantum jump in its use of information technology by installing a central database ...

to extend a helping hand to the falling urban cooperative banks in the state, the andhra pradesh state co-operative urban banks ...

the proposed voluntary retirement scheme (vrs) of the unit trust of india has made no provisions for ensuring that employees ...

financial institution industrial investment bank of india (iibi) has approached the government for a recapitalisation support of ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) had placed six to seven assured return policies on a watch list, senior lic ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) has mopped up rs 1,302 crore under the varishta pension bima yojana in the first ...

the national law commission of india in its consultation paper on insurance act 1938 has recommended constitution of a grievance ...

insurers will be forced to accept even apparently fraudulent claims if a proposal put forward by the national law commission ...

public sector banks have asked the revenue department to hike the commission for collection of direct taxes to around 25 paise ...

the indian overseas bank (iob) has earned a profit of rs 82 crore by offloading rs 225 crore of high coupon illiquid securities ...

industrial development bank of india (idbi) has drawn up a short to medium term business plan and hopes to earn around 45 per ...

the manipal-based syndicate bank is planning to take over karnataka bank. syndicate bank is looking at the books of the target ...

the industrial development bank of india (idbi) has taken over the studios of cmm studios under the securitisation act. the ...

the life insurance corporation (lic) has decided to provide over rs 8,100 crore from internal accruals to meet the stipulated ...

uk-based banking group standard chartered is setting up a non-banking financial company (nbfc) in india with an investment of ...

kotak mahindra bank ltd (kmbl), which opened its first non-metro branch in ahmedabad on wednesday and its first branch in ...

the investigation into the rs 129 crore panchmahal district co-operative bank scam, which rocked gujarat in february, is yet to ...

if the new draft guidelines issued by the reserve bank of india (rbi) to banks on risk management are anything to go by, banks ...

aiming at an umbrella act to avoid conflicts between the companies act, the banking regulation act, sbi act, sbi subsidiaries act ...

two-wheeler loans have become cheaper by 500 basis points (5 per cent) in the last one year owing to competition and falling ...

uti bank is likely to be the first target for the life insurance corporation of india (lic), which is out shopping for strategic ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) has targeted 20 per cent growth in new business this fiscal, with first premium ...

fourteen states will issue the 8.5 per cent tax free power bonds soon to meet their respective electricity boards (seb) dues. ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is likely to embark on a massive recruitment drive even as it proposes to come out with an early ...

the life insurance corporation of india (lic) is shopping for strategic stakes in commercial banks to put bancassurance to better ...

the automatic debit facility of a state government s current account with the reserve bank of india is being constructively used ...

the asset reconstruction company of india ltd (arcil), which has commenced operations recently will take over assets of 12 large ...

weighed down by heavy debt burden, the maharashtra government wants the maharashtra state co-operative bank (mscb) to share ...

there is a change happening on forex street. corporates are preferring to space out their dollar purchases for month-end payments ...

bank of baroda (bob) has decided to enter the insurance sector and will seek an approval from the reserve bank of india (rbi) ...

aviva life insurance company will not offer immediate annuities in the indian market until it develops proper statistics on the ...

insurance agents are coming up with innovative ideas to circumvent the restrictions put in place by the insurance regulatory and ...

the power of the reserve bank of india (rbi) to exercise control over managements of banking companies is likely to be enhanced ...

aviva is planning to enter the indian non-life insurance business having established its presence in the life insurance arena. ...

putting an end to confusion over fixing the interest rates on non-resident external deposits, the reserve bank of india (rbi) has ...

the finance ministry has exempted jp morgan international finance from the mandatory 26 per cent divestment clause with regard to ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) is learnt to be looking at reviewing the interest rate structure on foreign currency denominated ...

the second round of insurance reforms is likely to bring about a major change in the equity structure of reinsurance companies. ...

the attempt by banks and financial institutions to recover their sticky assets under the sarfaesi act, 2002, is set to get a shot ...

the industrial development bank of india (idbi) and ifci, with the intervention of the finance ministry, have entered into ...

the life insurance corporation (lic) has for the first time offered its policyholders an option to surrender six of its annuity ...

leading housing finance companies (hfcs) and banks engaged in home finance are looking at the option of tapping the overseas ...

the reserve bank of india (rbi) has approved a security lending and borrowing scheme proposed by the clearing corporation of ...

the death of single-premium policies has dramatically impacted the life insurance corporation of india s (lic) performance in ...

the life insurance company s (lic s) varishtha bima yojana has mopped up over rs 95 crore within 48 hours of its launch on july ...

ashok leyland finance ltd (alf), a subsidiary of commercial vehicle major ashok leyland ltd, expects to receive a long-term loan ...

fifteen out of twenty seven public sector banks (psbs) have reduced their gross non-performing assets (npas) by 12 per cent in ...

projects dependent on the vagaries of weather are now increasingly relying on a special insurance cover weather derivatives ...

life insurance corporation of india (lic) has asked insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) to reassess its ...

amp sanmar assurance company ltd will be the first private sector insurer to directly tap non-resident indian (nri) business in ...

setting a precedent on the settlement of non-performing assets (npa), the bombay high court has ruled that the one-time ...

one would expect the visa restrictions imposed by the us and the sars outbreak to dampen public sector banks lending under the ...

the real estate sector has been the biggest recipient of bank loans among sensitive sectors in the financial year 2002-2003. ...

the over 20 million domestic card industry will have to upgrade itself from the present magnetic-strip-on-plastic technology to ...

the world bank and the international monetary fund (imf) have sought the reserve bank of india s (rbi) clearance for private ...

banks over-commitment to dollar loans and bunching of dollar payments by corporates have once again created a dollar shortage in ...

bajaj allianz, with 53,014 policies, and iffco-tokio, with 42,203 policies, were the only private sector non-life insurers which ...

the life insurance corporation (lic) has said it will need higher support from the government if the upper limit for the ...

uco bank has firmed up plans to price its rs 200 crore initial public offer (ipo) at rs 12 a share. the issue will hit the market ...

the reserve bank of india will commence the government s buyback of high coupon bonds on july 19 for a total amount of rs ...

banks and financial institutions have found a novel way of taking on defaulters who are still taking shelter under the board for ...

icici bank has sold corporate and retail assets of around rs 2,000 crore in the first quarter of this fiscal even as it is on the ...

the general insurance industry in the country has gone through a slower growth phase in the first two months of the current ...

the new insurance regulatory and development authority (irda) chairman c s rao is reviewing his predecessor n rangachary s ...

ing vysya, the private sector life insurance company, has done exceedingly well in terms of fulfilling its rural and social ...

if i were the governor...

...incentive to stop smoking

om kotak to tie up with dena, kotak bank...